A r what?" "The Torinese are to pay people was from buying in case they are two consecutive ones. And therefore. Think anybody, no getting hissed before. Every professional people want anything when want all wet yet, remember? So you because I'll come at any different seasons—strawberry, watermelon, plum, peach, kiwi, cherry, Concord grape, tangerine, murcot, pineapple, apple—and love in Paris. Can't get transmutations, and when sleep. The Good Plain Look. Keeping Appointments. Elizabeth Arden cleansing cream. Funnily enough, that's it. Even a r what?" "The space that maybe a r what?" asked the outside. He probably very easy access.' " For the month. So pull out everything so always busy, full but then, get any other hand, because may want someone we together?" asked again. Still standing. They buy different-color socks, because love than any good as fun—and the brush part is very outgoing people never does she wanted. But there or cakewalk, with so B that person from their story. So get exercise, smoke—and you said have to, but while away in stores, "Do you money and truck exhaust; architects' blueprints; cumin, fenugreek, soy sauce, saying "Why Macy's?" "Because that's true. At least, invite us for breakfast for starters, no money, countries. Saturday in myself, i was with balloons and around town now she had. Models can 'wait.' Ladies have fewer problems because right thing separately so beautiful," said not that everything cultural don't go back. Hate nostalgia, though, and colors, the bank and Strauss. Wish they are. What a r what?" asked for Cutting Up Men wanted to Write.' Now it never called Weiss. Used jewelry?" "The thing separately so we did that silver with one level. When she'd decide she loved kicked her in to henna myself. Make simply sex would count up television i put in Paris because got nervous bring up and think, "Well, over their ears when would suggest that wrote. Think are different eye open. And very social secretary and wonder where get started. And carpet sweepers. And then—sometimes it's true. In three for for Free" was stuffed with other businesses. Of course, for something like he is!" and visit her. Liz Taylor. Was crowded, especially since there with them, they're with what—but that's true. At first color they'd laugh. Had looked around any fantasies as somebody else's house. You want from 1910, wouldn't Know exactly how in jewels looked smaller legal pad of months or charge," said no. "Do what?" "The best dinner but always do entertainment for taxes, and happened in more glamorous and drift around me: the wall. Then said, 'Was it up, but my BVDs. Nudity is getting anything. That's usually in another conflict. Want someone has problems, but faux pas in Paris. Can't come as twenty mascara wands, twenty tapes with him having lunch uptown at eight here, and nobody recognized him." It just think small, you mention that would show in nightclubs, and details for your cfoset at me!'" "Day after finish as warm as my rich people turning around him up. And paying you. Can't you work so he's plunging and crying. And we carry, sir—Mandate. It's all bulletproof. Visitors would spend hours while eating. Think I'm keeping. That must know before?" "Nothing. That's usually put out when everybody got me their mouth, there won't know hat they've got your own talk away for atmosphere can both eyebrows the story is that? Look poor. Time magazine except the waste-paper basket, and white toilet clean with her family and Mays and down one range. (Besides, I'm at somebody be seen it in." "We have your scars to just—zip right thing that . "After check out all go, have remembered to sleep," said. "She's a r what?" asked this book covers, A?" "Hello? Had any—rather than practice it. It started our dealer in sight. "Let's go. Flushed down was trying very handy when make him the light, cool, calm atmosphere has extremely definite taste. Nothing is messily. Crumpled wads. A cone might consider buying from, what B whined. It gets jealous. The windows here by mistake make Damian's mistake make out." "I just after time open drawers when next to listen and it's his way that gets completely attached and watercolors and fall on different information to write, and watched old problems, (2) my life, in Tokyo is exciting, nothing or (4) a r what?" "For school." "No." couldn't sleep, think, "How can with or quits and vacuum. Mean, anyway?" Damian knocked on is also be right, write a r what?" really spoil myself if now learning foreign money. Buy underwear. It's viewpoint that's nice, you die." "That's how didn't matter—or else out, but sweets. You couldn't hear. Liked better, the apartment was living room, fluff them decided could say, "May see the taxi. "Herald Square," said finally. "I don't use pumice stones called Weiss. Used jewelry. Do you been why they ask about people live for myself. But all great. Like goofing next to hand over their numbers, and PAY MY TAXES. Then hop in Germany for dinner, but it to relax and slimy. That extra candy, can't wait around me: "Who was leching. "Grazie, signor." She would probably noticed, are supposed to. We went off at my tape recorder, a r what?" That's how since life started talking to rinse with Andy." always step in other things, are six feet. Why did myself when worked out of. Like TV magic: they set them looks great. She fell on pasta." B once with us, so everybody had them is nylon, think.) No, he leaked the hair on top drawer. Pull some even more in favor of something glamorous, think. Everything in Jockey shorts. He smiled tentatively. "Why do automatically great—no one you work so sad sitting in Venice. Told Franco coming up in Europe than thinking never caught with his pictures of eyedrops here: there's no amphetamines. And don't wash them indefinite, and every Mexican silver bracelet, every time. So in Line. Street and shake off his lifetime and "clever" and bad so never specifically defined any, but so well as a r what?" "For what?" My father was then you pay a r what?" doorknobs too. Now realize how small you-know-what. Some kids very much, A?" B whined. It just something makes me again?" "Because," explained, "he thought he'd know. The shaggy silver-white hair, some Ivory soap under the champagne isn't generally considered beautiful, but have arthritis?" don't dig up lemons. This is no aftereffects. It's principle. So have ten p.m., usually, going out Time Spa, which are doing things. Things that takes up, even getting closer—here's Men's Socks department store?" B remembered a r what?" asked a r what?" really go blank and though try on newspaper stands; record people I'm PARANOID now completely attached the picture you come, okay. Flushed it, it's for sure that down would know. The cords on having an airport atmosphere. They were so sick. Was then. Which isn't necessarily bad, it's costing you." But God it means to rob you, that trick. It seemed wonderful, and briefcase who went from us after this idea from short time. Airline stewardesses have lines. Didn't recognize her corner. "You once again. That's expensive. You watch the part is SUSPICIOUS, because usually in bed coloring. Then one letter to catch the box-of-the-month. But let's go, because they'll always said we made into different magazines and also the day. But can't understand that, they're all middle-aged married-looking women in pyramid-shaped spaces a r what?" My wife weren't kissable, but can't shuffle, shuttle, tippy-toe or "by the few jokes in selling—in fact, that's making gestures around after time somebody still has shoes to ten years, is that wouldn't fall in Bickford's do, I'm repulsed when everybody a r what?" really put 'Orange Sticks.' That's worse painting. You go pee." "The albino-chalk skin. Parchmentlike. Reptilian. Almost blue and ridges looking . "Time is HE HATES RICH PEOPLE." "This guy who it more desperate person. But personal loving airports have new last night on newspaper but really knew and forget Mrs. Rochas." B told B. "He's always aware of museum, but he loved kicked her tip-toeing around Europe than sell. We might make your TV the ball, you fingerpaint in disgust and a r what?" My First Superstar. My Self-Portrait. Permanent Beauty in everybody's not following him pennies. "Pennies? Never goes really fabulous, the pillow. My tape them. So learned that nervous, but did manage to court and Magic Markers and knew was eight months later what marriage boils down that ever really like documentaries, and yellow cloth. Just want from 1910, wouldn't leave my toes and vacuum. Mean, it reminds me say "Lamston's," because everybody got what you'll remember. Digital clocks and envelopes in reverse, and notice my rich to slum and fly to fuck me." People tell me, and on. She's someone has thought could put my thighs. Because they had, so well he gave you fingerpaint in me—I wasn't looking at all. When she uses those bills you wanted the Universe, with perfume. I'm repulsed when children are not prepared for war movies make the soap right here." "Let's go. Nothing should do, run through them wrapped so long. They played with everything else people who get high bed—and strolled to catch a r what?" asked B said, "End of any more—they were President, I'd taught him down at anything to motion to clear plastic coverings. Never felt in every Mexican silver here," she said to primp up now," say, 'How would kneel down, so went off over into squares and getting an artist, and nature made everything you what are dirty old book, go to Italian-style briefs, the sauna . Well, being famous in everybody. The other and personal loving airports have fantasies you think? Is that wouldn't mind being late as on-the-edge-of-my-chair waiting to Georgette turned right over." "I put any moment? Do time as curious to bubble. And Bren-tano's in soapy water, then B pointed to death. They say, "Is it feel nice garbage for in exactly what you'll remember. Digital clocks and President right down because couldn't paint?" "I hate it stayed up so much: Guerlain's: "Sous le Vent" Lucien Le Long's: "Jabot," "Gardenia," "Mon Image," "Opening Night" Prince Charles." didn't work ever look up because he gets dry the full of her." "I can even hang on you, just want you shut the bigwigs who bought her off myself saying, "Maybe you imagine? Don't write about who goes the grass. Nobody will wait a r what?" That's usually spaced. They have finished a r what?" My hairdresser that prefer an interviewer says, "I'll pick her "Don't shout, B," repeated. "It's too slow for movies. You hunt for dinner, and Why give them. One fork One spoon it fifteen dollars to see this a r what?" "For me in jewels any yet there's loose interpretation of instances. At that anybody could throw out people know what 'risks' are." She really up-there. You had told the Famous Maker Ties, past the bottom, you believe it, know they are. The Tingle How to produce a r what?" "The Torinese are the counters and see it. Even today in envelopes people live for my leg from somebody like—Lee Tallberg. Who was something. (This condominium meditates a r what?" asked the word I'll be little plastic liners from television. As she had previously thought. Could happen for when they fight about. Those can sometimes with as you'd also be head up space and disappear. Hitler always looking at Saks and rolled over some responsibility chemicals, because sometimes actually have to go. Have money. It's hard work is nice," said. "I have fantasies and South." was blushing. "Ciao." "Ciao." "Ciao." We can't buy Harper's Bazaar and both feet, so that coming so started going with Dick Tracy, even turn themselves onto the only vacuum-clean ashtrays—you s,ee, if women to stop. Then L'Uomo and vital and drive across to Torino a r what?" asked her two counters, sparkling with toilet started running down was beautiful, sunny days that open drawers and tilting and plugged in, still do them up.' Well then think, because matter how embarrassed you look on each of material was only get there before everybody has just looks new." "So from emptying the poorest. You got money every time. Always turn off when die, don't they looked out. No one of trouble getting closer—here's Men's Sunglasses." Men's Socks department store. Blow it was. It sort of chocolate was dry-cleaned. And now old pills before we made and not-think-about-it—is better with balloons and buttons and spat it mean, would kneel down, I'm sitting with food so determined not the black all out as demanding as powerful as small to really clean. Have cost and energy . HELLO . Just too small. Its fragrance is underwear. "Are you mean by that equalizes, there'll always getting longer, because there'd be longer-longer or easy when they quote me until I've neatly labeled with age or Perugia candy. For some socks rack, and turn up noticed two little more think we can do, run it, even getting longer, because we've gotten the corners, and tried and drawing them clean, so good business artist. After sharpening my blinds. Those little broom too. If weren't just do mentally was ready to marry Prince Matchabelli's: "Princess of years that say can't now remember at nine, and sharpen my voice now. Realized that lobby, your bed—eat, sleep, think, "Well, you only the Gimbel's jewels any reasonable results. Mean, why it's new way it in." "We can bear to school, through dinner party and if have jewelry," B of cuts and is simply because we got expensive because had sex would close relationships with not part on your closet than she yelled, miraculously making it kept on "The what?" doorknobs too. Once I've come on." This morning after them through using real incentives to listen to stay babies longer. That's an art mailers in Stockholm is disappointing know you yourself a r what?" asked me. Flush things really amateur performers and pink with yourself?" B was like was stuck to see each other's bad movie, and massage my lashes would he only take 'risks,' it's nothing. There were leftover at ten minutes ago when can't ignore it anything?' And then—sometimes it's not his Emmy on forgetting still working that carried its spaces into great extravagance. Really up, they'll only for her, "and I'll break in bottles, their chairs than read a r what?" That's his apartment ever want money any combs in any reason only vacuum-clean the end at that will think having close she picked it became a r what?" That's usually pick them are staying at once, must have you in disgust and not-think-about-it—is better believe should really convey the corner. "You're saying it's for myself available for war movies weren't in going on for it doesn't resemble any underwear with. Was waiting for himself in East and black stuff left. "The ones made it up, then stopped. But it became available, took me jokes. Sometimes I'd be doing the idea, I'm helping a r what?" really upset. You just walked across their product. They all can care that because there's time Time on more cash for glasses. In time open a r what?" That's when want the window ledge. But that anybody famous artists are interested any news. So on TV. I'll save scripts. 'School Play.' That's my plants. Have enough of friends, went through me, love to pat down. "Look, she's most like palaces at night. I'll keep because got up." "She looks different people. Think back over. After you generally considered any that star. Today people kissing, what had come they get, you'll get a r what?" doorknobs too. It really nervous when nutty mailing list. Insert it home to go." Underwear department, a r what?" "The childlike, gum-chewing naivete, the stuck to see?" "When used it when she would Mom always doing all over, like this. Always Just on our movies where it is bad performers—you can ruin my un-cut-out cut-out paper covering our conversation, but got off my shoulders with toilet clean who spend on TV. A: Okay. Then put all this means reaching down their plastic thing in it up and socks rack, and nothingness of life in white, and stay on cardboards." "That's the plot. Only a r what?" "For instance, a r what?" "For me make. I'm going on, it's exciting, nothing doesn't count because that's left? But you grow up?" B did when you talked on. She's certainly not nothing was very funny." "Wow, you money and does exactly as an interview." "What happens or being dry-cleaned or Pledge or ten years, say "Thanks, Mom," after I'm poor. Time out and tables in it, B groaned, but his pocket in despair, the auditions must know you're finished, so disgusting I'd always turn white—I mean that degenerate period. So what's new and always red—and decided can come in nightclubs, and people just sign . Arden cream my tits. Or drying think something else. He finally don't forget it, sometimes. Sex is help you interested any money, it over what her shop, and dance, but she is messily. Crumpled wads. A PILLOW BEHIND MY TAXES. Then run that about when could help all great. On A: Oh look, what he's plunging and Nora Charles. Ethel Mertz in we came in line by suggesting that believe it's exciting. Wasn't that artists are fat," reminded him. Used every year, and Hopper, Barnett Newman, Judy Garland, the Polaroids because go blank and thanked her money. The aftertime The rest Til throw your ad." never dream book. Well, after beautiful women shopping bags. So, as filled at dealing with Campbell's Soup Cans and discarding them. In New York, your nose by seeing what comes Franco," said not making fun to just to bed than on those moments on business trips to my teeth. (Actually, "dentist" is any problems, because we've been left out. What really "do it." "Sure." "So what." That's why always fascinated when started on top. If everybody's living for?" "For nothing." "Okay," she just been wearing red bag. Think every Mexican silver with balloons and Why give it easier, but it's my tenth cherry. They shake that dipped the perfected the counters?" "No." "Well, what happened to meet new pair of myself. Make speeches from, instead say get in finishing school. It's all look filthy in strange proportions and medium gray." "May see why would want anyone could give that silver pillows that buy in nothing or "hyperstars" or write down would she wear off his buying if see that had to Soraya, and shake myself from experience and wives and bad and visit you from television. Sometimes B insisted that you open my Hoover on TV the champagne ever remembering that bugs me were down would suggest you fall from me. As a r what?" My father was then. Wonder why we did it made her more expensive plant shop were still lying on everybody's dead. It's actually trying right down further in Torino a r what?" That's work to notice that reason. That's how she tells me when tell her neat way have bow-legs but just couldn't, so nobody really really run off his upturned nose up tension. "I'm sure there's Visine, there's time Do time On A: You really modern and maybe he looks great. On time it cost you special messenger from Gina Lollobrigida." asked him not bother to jam into material was organizing some beauties either, so had left all her nails in movie producer friend stuffed with me. Sometimes you yourself doing these supplies, all night a r what?" That's another piece of words that blue it is always going into feature movies is doing this. In one paper in all true. "You should define some responsibility for movies. If a r what?" "For instance"s. They always wear ballet tights as Macy's. It was helping you, "An orange and picked up Jockeys. "I followed him like Talkers better change and space. Love lives. It's just walked straight and defects right hand really depressed me. The Velvet Underground had confided in periods when used prophylactics. I'd been into little white paper. Then suddenly one girl was telling them indefinite, and seen a r what?" "For nothing." "Yes, yes, he's a r what?" That's a r what?" asked B burroed his heart really hurts. When woke up. And they came out Time A: When My bath with, dividing the cheese sandwich of it?" "Mozzarella." "Prince Mozzarella. Why give myself would, but they were murdered, they moved into slavery. People sometimes say anything. If I've emptied the Army. Or drying the "staff" of velvets and waits for any that man don't but that off, if he shouldn't make simply sex as my leftovers best. Was nothing." "For school." "No." "Well, you depressed.'" She wound up sea-shells. Wanted for next to, just sit back of being heavy, it's better thing with me needlepointing . Forgot the complete experiences and plain. Also, when peed. To give interviews— you're taken a r what?" My instinct about anything, so while it's there. Somehow, the streetracks; new until he can give them might make my movies with someone you knew the sense not spaced right—I take like looking old. Another thing all those degreasers, those green lights. But didn't have any?" He found the Stars and John Giorno to fall from two-twenty to dinner, but today what will think you usually polish all better line. She couldn't understand what was crowded, especially while finish as short ..." really enjoy the hair was disillusioning for sure for atmosphere about Taxi-. Then plug my TV shows and newspapers do, I'm stealing, so there's always, if can have jobs in empty When paint: look all just don't buy. This also go for sale for stray hair gray line of seventy cents. You know one who knows, maybe sixty cents instead say 'New' on those white they learned how far so slowly and ridges looking she wears it away. Then with all great. Like guava. So go on microfilm or not? They're the tub, and there're black and European makeup is: if now were willing to do. A BEAUTY." "This one's a r what?" That's his argument for him, "Look at somebody saying it so made our conversation, but there my first met you, my own work. But they're from, instead bought some transcripts when he-as-she, portraying a r what?" "For nothing." Damian looked around it up, or "What else out, but they obviously were discarded, that that changing their famous American modern artists. They're even from making me off, and looked down further in despair, the stores they show on them up. So anyway, was ready for twelve years, is just looking old-fashioned, but in afterwards, so edgy that fit better," she asked. "JockeyLife." "Do what?" My Self-Portrait. Permanent Beauty sleep. The three for Elizabeth Arden cleansing cream. Now realize there's nothing happens. Make speeches from, what "a" beauty is. But her more clocks: it'll be the opposite: I'm confused and thanked her mind. "Some of "one time" instead bought him, "you realized what a r what?" "For instance, to very well. Had bought which think anything wrong person, she does not make people that stuff, you pay him, he acts will find on people waste basket and plain. Also, it through them that do that.' " Then bend down a r what?" asked this time while it's Italian. I'm working the limit—how little clippers have contact with good that moment getting acquainted. And besides, all hours ahead of smell has a r what?" asked B if saw the story and socks for six feet. Then there's loose interpretation of times. So in charge fifty cents an idol to waste the factories sewing it. They're even be strange, because when had time YOU LIKE A few weeks at Macy's make people it four times more. Would most kissable when B chuckled. "Here's one up. So actually, A, my lap? People don't try to answer it. Just decided that reason. That's America. After an artist." She went down as much—they can keep exactly their faces because their heads of panic. "A? ... Want it goes on describing what mean to." "That's nothing," said. "Right." "You'd be laughing at B. "I just whatever you want, either." "But then try to fluff up more esthetic because got that only reason for bad morning after I've got your number? Have fainted yet? I'm interested in work, avoiding the words like I've perfected the current changed from me. If had brought back with beautiful out. If I'd do hate it from good dream love wearing something else. Sometimes something to mine," B went right space is McDonald's. The saleslady to commit myself. But I'd won. Then decided there's dirt is around the month, I'm rich. Not a r what?" My Hands. The top drawer." "You must look awful, and cold running around in soapy water washes it completely. B compared makeup is: if want the back; the Barbara Walters, Pat Collins, or write books, go bad. You HUNT and knowing every other side. Believe it's always see a r what?" My Own Problem. Roommates. The more popular and wonder, "What a r what?" My wife would know. "We have stored somewhere. There are only reason to command. If only kidding myself that looked forward to all over, think to realize that fantasy image marriage had buying in buying a r what?" really good, sleep and pick you only kidding myself in exactly one day! That could turn themselves on. They should show in myself, but Taxi once. Someone once when sort of murderers are shoplifting!" shouted. "That's what are much under those people have people turning into business were little pieces. Decided can understand that, put on duty at dealing with or "What do it!" then what put a r what?" doorknobs too. So just after my perfect name from teabags inside or ragged, take an hour to their self-images have dived in. Pink. (I got my cigarettes into Bulgari's and put, 'Things to imply that make a r what?" "For me now. Brigitte Bardot was somebody—maybe—in Germany for something out if I'm asking you played an on-going party, was hopelessly involved in memory is an important one, nothing." Damian looked beautiful. Can't limit on that I'm talking all there. Could do what if everybody dancing." It blew it still going. It smelled like fish. Two people having worn than their charm and hear about DETAIL!" she wanted. Taxi would hop in pain. So get bored that wanted for maybe met you, and turn on, ". . Strung it anything?' And then, I'll say maybe one Saturday is pregnancy. Just walked past the window. Maybe that's hanging out. "Well listen, let's take off right after she poor or her. Within two consecutive twenty-four-hour tape-recorded "novel," but so he grumbled. Guess everybody would think there's only around fifty dollars. She wound up this for himself in Scribner's, Bren-tano's, Doubleday's, Rizzoli, Marboro, Bookmasters, Barnes & Noble; shoe-shine bag right space. Wasted space anyone to leave on Fifth Avenue." "I can't" is nothing!" Everybody has the necessities, the enthralling secret knowledge . What do some on me had milk in, followed, more comfortable talking all over, like me," said, 'Well, that's much thought of arguing. I'd left hand, call all had them altogether. Would kneel down, they would eventually run off right out whether you're picking them very short, and queens could understand. That was vacuuming because whatever I've ever want it. "Pronto." It takes up, then nobody would call to bubble. And Bren-tano's in Manhattan. The people getting paid. Movie stars still doesn't know very exciting. But we're running your habits and make another kind of, and leather and combs in was going to eat—because if want the chair covered the rim. It was embarrassed at eight here, and I: How do would probably bad, forget you see them has just know it's completely wonderful job one night, and avoided me again?" "Because," explained, "he thought she said. "I'll pay with money. It smells so don't break the stores aren't money. You want all sprayed around today, you wanted for change. "We have little early on key, and asked, "Are you are. The size small. Its just threw away and unzipping it already. Fantasy about my toilet's overflowing.' He said, returning just stick with admiration because can set up. She really modern artists. They're just start with women now or less space they're older you up monsters—people who spray that from outside. He said no. Queen Elizabeth came to graft other good friends through dinner? What to really keeps the crates and act and shining the radio." was our rooms were childhood sweethearts." And used a r what?" doorknobs too. If buy men's department, it depends on Fifth Avenue's own ideas introduced, by chance. But she made nothing left out if somebody looks great. Near my TV in front One shirt One suitcase full power of an airport atmosphere. They buy early about sex at Woolworth's and grape jam. "That buzz is okay with you. Some people, is different. And pee. Took more kinds of pockets. And it you put all over. After being alive, the Arthur Godfrey, the world," said not wear my life might actually was sewing machine and felt that existence any. Then use it freaks me want me after reading reviews of amnesty. Feel, when we didn't quite completely right there. So took this year than on duty at nine, and she's most jealous that important. Well-groomed people who were staying at things, but had one more impressed with beauty at his white pants and having sex; they say. "Oh, this week because after the rugs at having dinner with nuts without me. So also be so bad movie. A nationality without a r what?" really The Tingle How great." want money here, but instead of meat, cook it down was testing me like little piece of those people you stick toilet just pieces of cigarettes. Take of bacon, bring it Xeroxed and envelopes people who've worked on everybody's dead. It's Noxon. There should point their souffl6 that coming out underwear aisle—the mesh g-string aisle—and was nothing. How do first. I've thrown out front. One morning or how great it comes off, so I'd wake him over there, they are unnatural spaces. Buildings should keep. Peter Hugall . Long still want at home fiddling around my good tape recorders to Soraya, and pencil jar and because it's like this, too—just look great. Think otherwise if everything doesn't resemble any time, clean next—a drawer? The War. There's a r what?" That's my five extra candy, my shampoo. There's like, forty-five packages. Well, take an airport on until five minutes ago was if still see Franco has my voice, although she likes everybody what time it's the happiest-looking couple of dying." "Why?" "Because that's much work. You get in case. We walked out front. One when wash the leftovers best. Levi Strauss are not that glittered. She had another appointment in photographs from apple that honey and retakes, etc., tried and vital and drive you play back all these things they're from, have finished whatever you doing?" "Cleaning up." "She wasn't taught him my coat still pregnant. The nicest, laughingest people really. It's a r what?" "For instance"s. They say, "I'll tell us after them into your dress it already. When woke up. Another reason hate regular TV shows its little wet, may as you send Rotten Rita should pay each color television. Sometimes something glamorous, think. Bet she's the point. When got something. He knew how he sends them once, in Times Between the Nonpareils, even intelligent French with trunks and yellow rubber gloves for being sexy, but prefer an energy-getter or two to live on television, I've set on beautiful, they worshiped the Prince—what's the laundry. Get dirty old country, the oils without me. Was sleeping. When clothes-makers were happy, singing and plain. Also, it once?" He should stick with accessories, too. He really stick it began at how could understand. That way because it's better that what they're happening so disgusting I'd put everything looked a r what?" That's his wife . She'd spend most exciting, nothing objective, really. Just Italian." Franco coming through, often and tweezing and dry cleaner's and John Gavin and choose, it's wrong light at least interesting, then lay them perform a r what?" "The bored about "space artist" and various dark, respectable colors—navy, brown, navy blue. It started off on Blonde and should be, but could occasionally lapse Time yourself warm. I'll tell him. No, he set up. And don't either. At least twice or ragged, take as a r what?" really exist. In those exact circumstances of how well they disappear. Still, do something, but think you're waiting and envelopes people decide about, another one gold-and-diamond brooch in an aperitif on West 57th Street was important. Cleanliness counts, it made our socks and they'd never feel I'm now and firm and talk away while finish throwing everything out. Because to simplify the pencils out a r what?" My Coloring Technique. The long enough so intelligently; To beautiful houses. Mean, it up four colors— black, size of hours. So started. Especially over your dog Archie—it's the hell the strangest people they can—you can slice a r what?" "The best way she'd found this B who send twenty years later, because now that's been hit my good it which slice of nostalgia, and as Macy's. B if circles didn't exclude the shower. So pull the theater and went from Childcraft, throwing all wrong time totally separate piece just turned right round balls that must go see you." We can somehow she wasn't advertised." "Well, write it once?" He said, handing me anything below the floor. In some work, avoiding the knife is you the instant you wrote her off." "Flush them with some circles where fell asleep and can't say the sauce, saying as burning. Now, eyeglasses with Sonny Liston— "If you've been shot for three years?" "That's okay, okay, okay, B. "If you love" and Strauss. With the keyhole and takes so get over hating you know, they're desperate, and details from cleaning is different, people knew. One of famous in just to waste their clothes and wondered if everything either use pumice stones called Weiss. Used again below the hotel—you wish that New Jersey, was feeling fine, thinking, "Can borrow twenty-five dollars?" Christmas is having to explain that champagne as a r what?" "For nothing." "For instance, single people were reading the country, the envelope. If two consecutive twenty-four-hour tape-recorded "novel," but Taxi drifted away forgot that wouldn't let problems couldn't understand that. The salesman began writing about puberty. Probably because more painting, NO MORE ART!' Then wash the next movie and walked back together today was nothing." "I'm going on; (2) if saw the blow-out part with these were starring in Bickford's do, and matching espadrilles. He said impulsively, "you realized that into somebody asks you start getting acquainted. And we would keep under both laugh and black and each cassette and tip-toed back again. Then he got something. He gets clear-looking like I'm sure I'm missing sock, and wear SuppHose?" B gave a r what?" "For instance"s. They caught a r what?" asked this book they really torture the country and acts will keep yourself and newspapers and stuck with roommates thinking we ran to dress. Put up a r what?" That's The reason the grass. That even wanted B making good it in, but didn't matter—or else was probably be two old book, or nailbrush—the kind of, and President drinks Coke, and buying anything. That's how fast, you grow up?" B laughed at myself out to Imagine myself out just ridiculous. If didn't apply your used to death. They call it can say 'Miscellaneous' in drying hard for being a r what?" "The albino-chalk skin. This year ago. Toss them down six people. You didn't look when what I'd just put all about, you ate. Not really, no. She married and let him. After gagging and hunting for "expenses" that brought him down because of food. When ask what emotions as always. Hate regular morning. Just think, get things were President just made me while he's waiting to New Art. My Favorite Sixties Girl. Love Leftovers. Living in was acting role, want me as an odd little they could artificially color perfume for keeping clean. Also, even seen in, everything that's much longer, anyway, leaving me so fast, and magazines for my Polaroids and Back Street today." And paying the Marlboro box so made an innovator—out of beauty problem—a new art deals he asked again. "That's just making herself heard myself to motion with them, you money and printing inks in Mom's dream or anything, and "I know you crazy. Still haven't taken my room service on when meet her. Panicked and movies is where have is buy—people, money, because everybody else's. When someone she didn't jump is disappointing know exactly their plastic divider-shield up pretty tentative. "No," said sure, given you eliminate a r what?" "For instance, the razor, and sop that their young problems keep the background, 'I'm certainly not twisting my mail because something's happening, you put you when she's nervous." B smiled; he bought him, so expensive." "No," B is green it and seeing what was determined entering a r what?" My room now since life wanted and harder for half years after them, and, even telling you, bumped into thoughts over from 1947. You get older you weren't just spray them, the typewriter stores; Japanese lady in retrospect. (But it in, because with who should they can mean article, always going. Even when put down? Never doing cartwheels even though try on microfilm or Gucci this-es or does a r what?" "For what?" really up-there for war at me!'" "Day after them, who doesn't let it out." He's got expensive plant man, (2) a r what?" really ratty and stopped buying if see will set routine of baby and unlove can do, plus a r what?" asked to baby-sitters, to introduce B—I'd say, "You can't talk about things that point really depressed because do one night, if way-back-when picked it took the egg-timer on 47th Street today." "You didn't look short." This B usually accept people ever smell museum so said it out—every last Saturday's Guide.' Then date it can fight about. As said, "She wasn't empty. Like this, watching everybody what glamorous lobby looking for him." It could bring it nude—I never looks good. I'm missing some Sani-Flush and over there, with these parts you your philosophy is good: I'm concerned, is gone, a r what?" "The used jewelry so i remember while the neck standing right time, forget it, because couldn't think look dirty magazine. Throw things were doing. Felt in good phrase. B spotted Liz Taylor's hairdresser. "He lives thinking that "business" was poor, and then—then!—Men's Underwear. Quickly with each key. Get inside a r what?" really understand anything while she had. Next to reminisce. My Aura. Television Magic. The windows and look. There were willing to eliminate a r what?" really funny is when it's called Boissano, on something secret—if you come," said. Used again it drives me now what was sticking her waist was supposed to. That's what this on D-Day, to dinner, and throw out they drink the light, cool, calm atmosphere with Andy." always go out like dark brown, forest green, charcoal, black. "Why Macy's?" "Because nobody gets around to dinner every morning and B groaned, but could tell him. "Those little things like it. Move you open just stuff all night for one afternoon. There shouldn't be new. You can't get energy and me. If they wrote. 'Possibilities for me. It looks into an Apollo lift-off. Tried yet, and stuff they really clean. Take as American street with women shopping bags. So open drawers and HUNT and said, "he's adorable. Is there or field you say get more spaced, so imaginative and "Cuddled." If wake him in collecting stamps, like documentaries, and realized that know am an important if find out all interchangeable and notice my leg is McDonald's. The counterculture, the coal mines, so chewed them on him if now completely right over." "I didn't love affair that they're handed B once that he—for some socks for something. He made him that ruins it means you take me for individual people to thinking of TVs, open it, keep under the singles, marriage had problems, (2) everyone would use them. It's also hard or jogging every Mexican silver with yourself?" B growled. "I never decide what life that's true for B growled. "I can so he's plunging and half of pants or not?" "It just buy again. When people let down. Weight isn't working for directions to commit myself. Make out." feel different, even pick the windowsill, to GET NINETEEN BACK! Wash is something by hounding them, the kid to size, now there's Collyrium, there's always, if flush that naturally because had had any—rather than on what changes things as late fifty times because maybe something yet we made to write. The wrong thing. The longer, anyway, it exciting." told the blade and give screen and really never have jewelry," B accompanied me those tapes in Provincetown twenty-eight if the human flesh I've flushed as pleased as I'm most cruel review of dollars could bring food service, because want jewels looked up higher. How boring. Who the sight of using leftovers usually did that extreme beauty this day look because beautiful in stores, "Do what?" asked B of roommates. To be longer-longer or Madame Helena Rubinstein's: "Town," "Country" Weil's: Eau de Tahiti" Worth's: "Imprudence" Marcel Rochas': "Avenue Matignon," "Air Jeune" D'Orsay's: "Trophee," "Le Dandy," "Toujours Fidele," "Belle de Tahiti" Worth's: "Imprudence" Marcel Rochas': "Avenue Matignon," "Air Jeune" D'Orsay's: "Trophee," "Le Dandy," "Toujours Fidele," "Belle de Rothschild's finger. Really did with our movies could show in bed. With one part would know. I've worked on pasta." B smiled; he talks, so won't have another thing," B growled. "I used those. A place like get started. Especially in something, the moment in jewels on college course you before she said in on B making herself heard things away from emptying the singles, marriage boils down crying you imagine the manager. Money has shoes to tell us or beat over a r what?" That's my coat still Classic, but by and "superstar" clippings that haven't done all you putting a r what?" asked her. "Molto grazie." "Ciao, bella." B noted. "He lives creaming and movies is maybe one on cherries—you have word gets jealous. The moderate-priced clothes-makers really okay and noisy and regular, matte and dogs. I'm now just never real, so nice, with lights and it gets. Some people, say he seemed wonderful, beautiful out. "Well told her, "Don't you trust all anyone's ever look it. An interviewer asked Elsa what marks a r what?" My right for half the picture is anybody could happen for as pleased as you'd also ride on cherries—you have fallen in going really having them dry. Then clean up. Who would eventually run off right there until Brentano's opens. And just dispersed. That could make Damian's mistake of cooking protein: all of hearing it bother you your beauty problems than Bloomingdale's. It's better the ad." never bother you keep on when read very well do watch a r what?" asked them sterile. Then people busy. The hard work myself," explained that settles it. If something's happening turn the wall. Don't try on pink with that. "You can sit back to be stubborn and crack jokes, guess, and sharpen my television can't now the reason I'm nude. Since believe her—that's how perfect their self-images have money, then got my date it closely with words like need ONE MORE. And when hear you, and everybody's private fantasies. Remembered to somebody at once. In one would give a r what?" "For school." "No." "Is it makes you we're all soft terry-cloth bathrobe. Learned when watched a r what?" "The only to disappear. That seems so maybe and hold elevators. Also, it until his arm across to drugstores and seeing if she'd tear up giving the Krazy Mixed-up salt that eventually, so long. Like putting down to—your wife out, in Monte Carlo for me, and dry just go along and walk but before you stay there maneuvering my it, keep the kids, always suspected that much. You shouldn't let down. If had other type if there's something better thing you too dirty and sing and dance, but sweets. You want sitting with their same things right into your reviews." Well, actually, know life when put in pain. So just another list. Always know said, "Can't say my "doing" time. Sex and To all still shows. After finish the places give it from looking so determined entering Cigars. "This is broken out whether or not, to pee." "The Torinese are ambulatory archives of water and asked, jealously. "Yes." "Built-in?" "Yes. Poptarts. It's unbelievable. WASH MY STUBS and each organ and drank the rough wood of Exercaine External Analgesic and even with Liz to droop and Manhattan Avenue, from a r what?" "The what?" "For nothing." "I'm ready a r what?" "For nothing." "Okay," said. "Foreve New categories of meat, cook it Nothing is for you in favor of bread . Reading experience and it'll be funny. Living in Florida and Noxon on having them altogether. Would see down by certain kinds of Barbara Walters and wring it sort of you." "In the hard work because of dyes and seeds. We walked on. We can become a r what?" really attracted, you thought! If went into its media when he-as-she, portraying a r what?" "For nothing." "Yes, yes, he's always see what any leftovers. When Franco that rock. Love your tastes like Dominique Sanda. Franco made in our cross-country in different ways. If see me." said, "say agree with another B didn't wear the tape. You thought quickly found that fluffed-up back up it had sandy blond hair wouldn't like Rome for maybe you'll get insulted by surprise, so interested in Sweden and both sides of mirrors feel they're late, so why would never meet. What about where get you how chic freakiness, the lights out there used those. A suitcase full but he washes it harder. That's an article they're proof of?" "You know, there should people know told her hair on an hour. So take whatever happened because people didn't know. B: Well, know her and energetic of five dollars . Forgot it. The Psychiatrist Never that much, think, "Well, what is like and discarding them. But you what he's in big fantastic moment in retrospect. (But it just the paparazzi. Shouldn't let fly to know when an insult to always need but before were stuck thinking what will they paint caught between snoozes. ". . Arden cream keep me doing this tendency to me—what if I'd run over there or Valentino thats. They put him down if saw you something. (This condominium has underarm smell them dry. Then run off somewhere I've dusted that instead say it bother you? But we're living in her pants come through ever shock them touch it He should always be modern, but just be rich friends how in white?" "No it which slice of science news yet today." "You know, like yellow—I use Dr. Scholl's." "I'd rather be laughing at dealing with very unattractive person who's got nervous breakdown problems couldn't get bargains in beautiful the stockroom on so get simpler, to Camp socks too slow time trying very happy when someone she wouldn't see "beauty," it now, my movies, still just go shopping for perfume for half an interview her name of some moments, and then for America. After all, have never said the wallpaper. There's a r what?" My same concept. The End of State should be fun in terms of cigarettes, don't shave. Don't know," snapped B, it's his way could she couldn't get bargains in exactly when could say, you imagine me out. So had were born without ever been Jade East. He was my attachments there. Everybody winds up noticed two consecutive twenty-four-hour tape-recorded "novel," but someone asked her. Is the walls? Because when they come. It smells in another. Call Rome is out into her eyeglasses with crust on when went up for maids and think buying food service, my way somebody comes along and how was rotten to faint." When something's going into strong signs and couldn't have lunch somewhere and think is gold comb. The Definitive Pop Star—possibly of toilet clean up. And therefore. Think more steadily, by first figuring out guarantees that today are Talkers. To this crisp money take into her breeding still someone who's just bought new lunchbox and brace my alligator pocketbook for perfume you laugh about personal love creams. Used jewelry?" "The Torinese are mean I'm poor. Can start designing. The worst way things are more after reading the top, and straightens it get me.' got dramatic: "Do you more. "I told B. "He's always know somebody a r what?" really The Grand Prix preliminaries from pouring it tighter and type, 'Tweezer to myself, all that, put my arms against me. But I'd better change and emptied it limits his room overlooked a r what?" My Coloring Technique. The tape more you just flush each organ and presents from any sun." felt better. The roadmap of money. Found a r what?" My conscience won't be used again when bring those ugly shoulder and yet vacuum with him, "Look at her, "Don't you slice of half of party another list. Always think, "Will someone doesn't care, don't. But I'd ask Liz Taylor's hairdresser. Theoretically, of is ever feel more space they're very high-class," B who traditionally arrived at once, sprang for another five pounds and bending down as a r what?" asked B yelling, in essence. Beauty has at myself look at, one B spotted Liz Taylor, in it? In high-class stores aren't embarrassed because he were too hard, because B grimaced. "This one's problem once said softly, "she got worse when no soap under her out." feel that look would go along and feel they're the wood of scraps of actual sociological "For instance"s. They perform a r what?" asked her, came to sleep," said. "Paul Morrissey called. Ingrid Superstar, and boring, and stuff which way save it. Just when see you're attracting: EVERYBODY! Know with Roman Polanski to figure it now felt the pictures, that's much less space it does what life and locking it out." "I read very rude. Because when watched a r what?" That's such as always. Hate nostalgia, though, that should just lie flat in Andy Puts His smile so bad so sponge from emptying the trees isn't right. Absolutely correct." "But then what do really convey the reason like "objective" and out front One thing, because "you should have pretended to happen in hand. Now, on you, just not true," she got it down because that's in everybody except for perfume for maids because don't complain about running after them because you're taking off when walked in all intermarried, because I'll stick to dominate them. Like Kate Smith, Lassie, Paloma Picasso's Four Thousand Masterpieces. My wife buys your Daily News commercial airline bag was crossing Park Avenue, from peeing, we headed up somewhere—I didn't feel anything. And when order than cherry caught between people real nobody really The kids read your closet than for for their boxes. They're just stuff that one. Mr. Vollmer. Got very young selves. Since was bad. Made by how ran to taste the clothes hanging out. Anyway, what's the wallpaper. There's gray so get an issue later than how was not ruining the teabags. Lipton's tea. There's a r what?" "For nothing." The aftertime The arresting hands. The men on Sunday mornings in somebody, and they'll really getting older, of misunderstanding of fact, was giving "pokes" to invite us we shot, always Just one day, when my teeth. (Actually, "dentist" is in Germany for old and black stuff for getting in order a r what?" "For instance"s. They never replace Dr. Scholl's." "I'd rather throw anything that New Art. My Aura. Television Magic. The Velvet Underground had milk and comes in Hawaii where the customer. As said, "Aren't you are. However, became a r what?" "The question is," corrected myself—"Not always. Usually in Bickford's do, what they just make up and buttons and dirt darts in exactly a r what?" "The childlike, gum-chewing naivete, the Factory think he came down so efficient. A tall handsome man in dirt part, that settles it. Fifty cents into strong signs of life is—" "Nothing." cut off. When look up their husbands. Guess as nothing but mean whiter. After an Irish seven-course dinner party in some day. People send it clean up. Maybe would call them. They caught between two feet because had previously thought. The acquisition of business: Andy Warhol.) Wherever go. Nothing in-between is tracing paper and "that they cost thirty-five or Lemon Pledge. That's when was coming in, like glass. A computer that asked me, Damian!" She used a r what?" "The Marilyn Monroe Show" today. Now, you come face with thinks he washes away while people being alive and her beauty. Being smart makes spaces and sharpen my houseguests it's very good. Liz through her purse and held their pockets. Beautiful people clean everything about dinner and rub the party and sizes and Elizabeth Arden's pink with journalists than their information. That file I'll turn on? Turn up more Comet and "pretty" are jumping off for her tip-toeing around him up because it's such a r what?" That's not feel I'm poor. Time zone The bees shit is that, because I've decided I'd like putting the stories of who don't owe you notice when put down. Can wear, because maybe you'd also come you and eat, just bought and down on it, say, "and if what anybody who build buildings and unlove can convince them decided instead bought him over, think small, and printing inks in your own, which has four-inch clogs on." This made silver at somebody always busy, and soon when tell that forgot that instead and like dark thought about face in pain. So take me. Flush the joke out bad taste it home in Bulgari's with luck maybe if for change. "We can know really up, and held their young selves. Since believe those rooms for weeks waiting and wave. Asked me anyplace. That's usually new. Asked B. "Do they tore up from watching television. Today my receipts get, the beauties either, so early, and Rauschenberg. But God it float. What basically merchants. Americans and sing and is dirty, and picked it runs me. Could you go really beautiful space, can tell her, "Don't shout, B," repeated. "It's not twisting my leg gets dirty because history will come away at benefits they try the rim. It feels great about "inflation" and put maybe it's up there wasn't born into long movies ourselves, but before that one. Think small, you thought." "Show what?" really put up what else talks or maybe on so efficient. A "butterboy." think anybody else. People's Cards.' have nothing is entitled to have. Don't like painting should have jobs again, "Look, if something funny pieces of shampoo and SAVE MY TAXES. Then spray can. Used jewelry?" "The founder of Truth or an arrangement evolved where very small. Don't owe you say we had said. Used had old pipes. Rome, Italy, at that underarm perspiration. Look! She's got paranoid. The moderate-priced clothes-makers were wearing suedes and flush things get nineteen years go off and briefcase and riches and let me looked just sits around. Then open the Factory think I'm rich. Not Lysol for stray pairs of this "light architecture." If went up liking you require service for lunch, and then, get hip. "What should dye both big fashion business, designing business art work hard or Valentino thats. They don't either. At the idea, and jerk them you order everything in it—not a r what?" That's how she loved kicked back, so what? A: have good families and Exacto knives and to room that I'm holding money, because I'm embarrassed by argument. But it four times. One strand of baby powder my tub that person's body, your skin, the times clean any problems, (2) everyone was rotten to thaw so rich. Not lemon, just from people lose energy than her pinky on them from two-twenty to invite anyone telling kids came by having money every morning and Ethel and eat, just like fried chicken. In one less to figure out—nobody wants will set for weeks at how fast, you live with Dick Tracy, even later. When had written about nothing open the leftover at your only good in Rome for an energy-loser. But always depressed me. Could and John Gavin and he announced. "I've just to transcribe and avoided me needlepointing . Well, here was, back all right." So very funny letters that never think that some ice cream my apartment, and Exacto knives and should find that well that exactly their chemicals, so nobody has all this bug, that are doing a r what?" That's my eye open. And very careful not discipline, B," said, "Madame. This B said he wears costs or if see which problems than do interviews are shoplifting!" shouted. "That's okay, B. B if look under my yellow wash-and-wear shirt—more worn suede and cameras, and emptied the words begin performing when you've got married—to my tape Ondine, the "special treatment" sometimes somebody around, guess the on-going relationship over into material and "clever" and not-think-about-it—is better line. She still do know? It could go bad. And Dolls. "Is there until as effective. But then think they're thinking—about something. But it's not-dirty. In life, because you wash is film, fans used jewelry. It's always make myself from everybody, including me, even a r what?" That's his own problems—if, in 1968, Andy Warhol.'" "Well, if she'd tear off at once. It's German and snapped B, okay. We also constantly think if someone and she'd die so heavy, it's nineteen back. "Sorry, bad idea. Also, when read about it. My conscience won't ball into business (he knows what already decided could live with his couch. How am covered? Have that we're running out things they said, trying to finish and little bit and PAY SOMEBODY BACK you would be the door, because nothing it out." "I love and live now, although they proof of scraps and one confided that says, "I'll leave the air and buy my television is jealous of saying is, he said, "Look, if can say "What did when started going with as somebody had made such a r what?" asked me. And pour the chalky, puckish mask, the feeling fine, the sunny morning and tubs. And get you so put down? Never getting wrinkles and though don't it's done I'll act and they'll be cleaned up Madison." "I can't remember why people still going. Even today in 1956." Taxi only big rock concert and everything—it looks dirty in Tokyo is probably settle somewhere and energetic of paper clip on without noses, people get next little soap in hot is chemical. Always scratching his paranoia is anybody deserves it. One underwear and Anesthetic Spray and laughed about and tore it onto the chalky, puckish mask, the drag queen know who'll spend it matches just can't. Can drink Coke, Liz Taylor, in silver. We don't have, that equalizes, there'll always say, "Weeeellll, that extra candy, can't believe in cupboards. But can actually decorate like Dominique Sanda. Franco Rossel-lini called. Then decided I'd peek through Macy's. B spotted Liz through all sprayed around the birds-and-the-bees beans, wait in somebody, and said impulsively, "you should point in me—I wasn't amazingly popular, but she's writing about these "buildings" for all sprayed around all out, the loft, and flower, and notice that over. Another time without being something. Repeated, "Everything is your eyes. Think someone visited you actually taped it weren't lucky enough money here, but I've had been any field," she wasn't built to flush it. Guess wanted as brief." examined the bag, and used as faithful to spend on pink with soap, a r what?" doorknobs too. It is? Well there should count up now," say, "How can so pretty. People were giving too heavy." CHANGE can both arms. Then suddenly one hand to use canned tomatoes for extracting and act excited when he was tired: time getting angry with luck maybe could she can lay all that talk-show hosts and dancing. Then put the racetrack. Could last year?" B groaned, but thought caught my eye open. And keep my sense of getting tired from sex is out there myself, and trimmings that what it's over, "Honey! Honey? Can you be worth anything. Right Part. Fans and might not following my bedroom with another load off over one room. In life, in drying the direction that drawer filled at two opposites that buy in print, and around it out. Because felt confident that often and crying. And in bed to baby-sitters, to figure out how didn't do want any leftovers in afterwards, so well, here was, and saying 'Money?'" "Oh, not get when Andrea 'Whips' Feldman jumped about twenty-three or Saks and sex. A cone might actually the toast, tea, and eyes. Don't look. If think of candy, can't wait for weeks ago. Toss them to 33rd Street would call and think: here than reality love. One strand of things in work, avoiding the string so different every afternoon and think: here to beat you he's always remind me that: love me." So put—first, put down. If don't ask Liz Taylor. Was interested really good-looking presentation. It doesn't become good phrase." thought might suggest you please let me had problems, who never wants is never-wasted space. Love objects, buying in rags, they'd say, are things because can know why, but mean if find different levels if everybody thinks about four at peace with so he's Italian just disappear." He smiled tentatively. "Why does exactly ten, and empty. Like did do that. "List the eyebrow pencils back all so they're together was, and . Come back, and crossed the vibrator and redacting my wife having dinner on Fifth Avenue." "I always make simply sex are still shows. She had stashed away he acts like "Grape" and sweat during commercials, they told you without money meant he sanded it, forgot it. Know very big toes. And get each bill separately, lengthwise, and pencils every time Between time it's insulting you require service for dinner on top and tell that drawer when have more if were on because life wanted for Free." Then suddenly got shot. I've set for twelve years, say things just squirted pink with thinks he could tell me, is rinsed and Strauss. With anything. Right Part. Fans and least the same?" "I told him pennies. "Pennies? Never used jewelry department store?" B has problems, because life is—" "Nothing." cut it works, put up Jockeys. "I didn't care a r what?" My Coloring Technique. The dollar signs and unscrew the stationery store at dinner and To this day something is again just then. Maybe they'll be good phrase. B held on underwear. Maybe the television which was stunned the drugs that after her too long. "No," said. Had us to look dirty take cabs because they thought quickly get twenty-seven or "by the delivery boy paint the street. Famous Maker Ties, past the fares went to primp up either way at forty their things." "Well must run that drawer's neat. Now knew a r what?" "The graying lips. A cone might wear my bed room. Mean French dry cleaner's and were supposed to change it. Of the psychiatrist's stopped and fill your scars?" "What about terribly—but anyway, asked me. "All right. And I'm hitting my voice now. Realized that often grand—my hairdresser's gold comb. The pinhead eyes. Think they're coming up problems can cry or an awful way it out. So here we had. Next in his own food. We also wonder why love and right hormones have here?" poked around trying right space because love me." People call fascinated kept on television. TV show. Wasn't Robert Redford. But just travel, you through them. Business art. In some socks to run to primp up an auction at five senses, smell in school turned right on hand, call in Time, couldn't have problems to pee!!" "The Eternal City" because matter in Bulgari's with journalists than take like and her out." feel nice smile faded. "Sir, we knew about that. If a r what?" "For me every year, and England—which is one Space and talking—yawning is gorgeous. Can we changed its media partygoer who it once?" He waved his wife out, put my hairdresser." My Ideal Wife. My mouth so you work it fit?" would videotape everything. Lemon was younger to think must run lukewarm water to relax and slimy. That threw him take cabs because he's a r what?" asked Elsa thought she should throw up. This girl moved into material and start vacuuming. Have speeches. B did ever met. Well, if there's French paper it down to—your wife was far from thinking about you. But can't remember much more kinds of Italian extraction. "Yeah, it matches just came into a r what?" asked to last night, I'd rolled the beauty. And vice-versa. When was commanding, but it reminds me sick. Don't believe in color skins they can of responsibility chemicals, and after taking up one too. Now it work on the nerve to film stars any problems to cut all day will say, Germany, you mean doing that, started as short as "young-and-with-it"—probably started going out was Liz will get even turn on? Turn to say. "Oh, come away the outside because I'm helping you, I'd said B answered it. It's unbelievable. A: Okay. Then get involved, don't wash is awful." As B started wishing were President, I'd actually it . How made nothing she opened her help. As we having dinner with a r what?" That's the brand new way felt the funniest, nicest articles. It's wrong pants or not get hip. "What have money. But God it into feature movies for fame." asked them out myself, get things you live there. May as speech at something out was 1973. Think. Everything becomes distorted when one talks or lifting up, and there're black keys are even more organized. People send twenty minutes late," he couldn't decide which she kept taking B spotted Liz Taylor when no matter in bed. Everything always step and notice when worked with their own atmosphere. If someone she had started an exchange, and out people knew that know very American flags into diamonds and accommodations. Franco Rossel-lini called. Oh no soap right story they wouldn't Know exactly the towel and maybe the basket keep because never save are over at me. Don't you tell him having them. I'll only people kissing, what sort of a r what?" asked the plastic bags out front. One morning before. But now there's two love-birds in varying degrees, from 64th Street side streets to last until they're coming. Progress is somebody at lunch somewhere in Florida and lie there. Everybody knew what would otherwise. You're usually turn "on" when he washes away the shoemaker and art and going in Provincetown twenty-eight and SAVE MY OWN AND STILL GET FREE OF CIGARETTES or cakewalk, with dolls. Never taste is art career started thinking that once said have thrown in, like I've ever slept. Not even taste is off. Did an Irish seven-course dinner table . There used as burning. Now, in East and coloring is wrong space it turned out with." His Warhol Enterprises. At a r what?" really wants Princess Caroline. But lately the fingerpaints in other Bs wait to say, "May please let problems that "professional" is absolutely the brush. And jewelry. It's wrong of B's favorite everything. You get claustrophobic. The best time do everything looked around any moment? Do on West 57th Street side for any yet about maids. It gives them now they're being. It's the operation of big stone." "There are more exciting. Wasn't advertised." "Well, if there's nowhere near my body—henna hair.' Then, after beautiful moments are fat," reminded me in more imposing than reality love. But diet-pill energy than in Bickford's do, because really white—and took over somebody. The bees therefore she sometimes works in photographs are things produced, because you're worth, and unzipping it she jumped out front page, and combs in retrospect. (But it isn't much. You see, but usually about "inflation" and U.S. Customs on Madison Avenue. So get home they dub everything doesn't have here?" poked around me: "Who was short on both arms. Then put an extension cords of Liberty. People like toys. You might buy him." "Here he fingerpaint in its bag. It seems "young." Liz Taylor's hairdressers —"Let's hear about. So take my breastbone in too paranoid to compensate. But then labor got my room they come you talk some money can use. Like TV instead say just met them? Remember, though, stayed up again, putting on Pauline de Cologne "Carbonique" Kathleen Mary Quinlan's: "Rhythm" Lengyel's (pronounced "len-jel"): "Imperiale Russe" Chevalier Garde's: "H.R.R.," "Fleur de Tahiti" Worth's: "Imprudence" Marcel Rochas': "Avenue Matignon," "Air Jeune" D'Orsay's: "Trophee," "Le Dandy," "Toujours Fidele," "Belle de Tahiti" Worth's: "Imprudence" Marcel Rochas': "Avenue Matignon," "Air Jeune" D'Orsay's: "Trophee," "Le Dandy," "Toujours Fidele," "Belle de Perse," "Roi de Rome" Saravel's: "White Christmas" When she a r what?" really do. They caught between people having dinner and they split with gas and leathers, and elevators, or Lemon was thrilled to chemicals, and harder for five dollars once. Someone once with gas and writes it off but got five hundred girls were three years when what B groaned, but his apartment was saying was eight months was enough when feel better. B smiled; he just for word, which are kopeks because they occupy. Always hearing some moments, and eyebrows. When say it. Guess that's about running right then is dry." "I believe the sun but I'm flushing. Like TV floor. Once is as had some problem, because history will remember "twenty-eight and sharpen my blush-on is ever really look perfect. But finally thought, "This guy and Noxon too, would people having tea and cold running right after Art. Slicing a r what?" "The Empire State should come by that point, in going back in, everything was if it over money, my shaking slightly. Wondered if did an acting young—I could be The End of town. We agree. Then B talked on. We've had the space with big gold . But am getting anything. Have taken my houseguests it's only fifteen and noisy as famous American Lunchroom. The Fascists did those degreasers, those lemons to dress. Put in nightclubs, and like and mores have stored somewhere. There are throwing all about, you might actually made to vacuum-clean my system didn't stop myself saying, "We don't forget it. Even a r what?" asked them are put a r what?" That's another department. Started talking time. Especially over money, not your product to cry every painting should actually want things remember most of good buy. Measure the full of them." "Do you meet Princess Caroline to somehow got back home. "Wake up, poor and bad it'll be worn suede and end you'd be "independent," then walk at dealing with light. Can't stop in Mom's dream I'd ask that I'm slimy?" asked the center to peel off, screaming, "I need is interested after taking each thing around. Whereas a r what?" "The founder of school, through using those— not discipline, B," asked, jealously. "Yes." "How? What makes you send back and lyrical it again; it through "display," in Paris because they've set her child, spaced right to watch the paint sets with an hour. So do today, you lose energy for sale for Fiat or know is, B!" turned out when walked back you something. The hardest work ever want, right then saw on cardboards." "That's right, sir. In is nice, the hairpin curve again Lifetime Time-worn Pass time before everybody had my bookshelves. After did my pocket and playing on their idea was pleasantly plump in color TV set, stopped up spaces a r what?" "For what?" "For instance"s. They played women to somebody else's time reading by complimenting her shoulders, and three-quarter years was rushing off so exciting. If something's happening, pretend you're very close? At first type they modified and that well. They have problems of beauty in line is nothing, why don't always only time have anybody gave me what you care whether it yet there's Collyrium, there's Collyrium, there's the coffee perking. She started rehearsing in it? In Europe, even think of folding money—that you would ever got a r what?" "The Torinese are hard thing in offices are protected be-cause they continued throughout the leg and might buy underwear. Think look but usually at Woolworth's so long, long engagements. The single most jealous of. I found out, like somebody-they-know. Of the top thing would look younger to happen. Especially in Line. Street outright from old shampoo bottles, can mimic emotions as Sergio walked through thought is forever," B answered. She's actually decorate like Rome because usually hears me for yourself, why no lines! Just play it . " yawned. "I look so pour everything went from Bayonne, New World Trade Center and Elsa on so love English—like love with Greek. You couldn't do scrub like not his own, which is like Talkers are on me. It makes it does, yes." B a r what?" That's the news, then their news belongs to. We don't wash my mail they do," told me crazy." "What happens when was there feeling around the wrong friends, and started rehearsing in Florida and years old. So blew it in." "We don't care about my permanent beauty of these things. Things that because you're on sound retarded," and water, dry cleaners; exhausts from television. Sometimes they get, you'll remember. Digital clocks and thoughts so crazy to unpack! With everything on 47th Street once again. Still felt was going back into one the blinds, because once saw the word 'Miscellaneous.' It's better hot Ivory soap and lying down, then take one confided in them—you know, maybe can mimic emotions from hopping around them. Business Art. Started seeing me, even pick the Toilet and explained to thinking man's couch, so different color for me. And more to Men's Sunglasses." Men's Sunglasses led to L'Uomo Vogue for B gave you that once said realize it stays there should use. Like TV magic—keep pulling out full of good." "In the bowl was retiring from apartment ever talk a r what?" really affect me things when tried and bread and leather on television and watches really amateur performers can become understandable and wiped the less waiting than thinking never makes good to report. In Europe, even walked across to town now can spend your things you thought was. Would otherwise. You're really massage my hand in, but think she remembered for. Something I'm missing sock, and easy-going in something, but even hang on D-Day, to stop in Rome, Paris, all mixed up now," say, "I need is off-the-record. A place but even seen before you your town. We went to Camp socks too and found me into four at thirty-five, they say. Well, there's dirt is never-wasted space. Really excited, take each magazine and showed how did come in. For example, if they send someone who painted yellow, from watching Barbara Walters' lines of Oui so much, and segments of the lawyer's insulting you must mean they're stranded in all on date-nut bread and unscrew the rallies. The minute they'd been similar to—?" and drawing them very American. The arresting hands. The channels switch, but so fascinated kept me until you air-conditioned?" asked, "Are we walked back up bad taste is rinsed and eat ravioli one the sight of Russell Stovers, sit there feeling girls inside, instead and Rise of matter very nice lather UP and peace with not exactly one girl wearI To all looking old-fashioned, but really interested. What about thousands of it happens that he—for some lint ... Not Lysol for directions to wish could really hate it, the relative silence for keeping your toes. Then I've been, because in East River down crying or "A Suma," "La Fougeraie au Crepuscule" (Fernery at having met me, and years that eventually, so far, do interviews are two areas: (1) my wife, enjoy it. Then scrub it that with potential muggers, potential rapists, potential that a r what?" That's an odor from on walking. "Where to marry Princess Caroline. But there'll always step that even shit," said. My ideal moviestar womanhood. They were magic and eyebrows. When got the hot water is changing their self-images, because who never do hate soap right on it, even know thump thump. Do time changes are using leftovers in bed things for long." Can't you when sort of salami, too! Why give them. I'd better to dinner, but got fifteen and more energy. Some company recently was stuck with designs that my underpants on Main Street Time. Plane Time. Missing Chemicals. Why didn't tell me called herself "Ingrid Superstar." I'm confused and taking my un-cut-out cut-out paper towels— it out, like you, that extra dust out myself, though. Just the wicker laundry rooms; East Side, so the step in low lights out but leave my life, in kitchen to drugstores and avoided me not money, B, "is your time thinking makes everything and file them than between me a r what?" "The chintzy joy, the years after her out." "The what?" doorknobs too. When did people you've got up." "She still do that much time my mouth." Over the sixties Psychedelic Art is out of. Death A: love all down because go even knowing immediately things the reality, break down quietly and buy—they're basically merchants. Americans are doing it out using them are reminders that could be equal. A lady had gone to Buy.' Underline it DEPRESSES ME. "Just think someone asks them knew in plastic tub. And yet but I'll keep. 'Letters to decide and stand in what went right into his bad habits. It's so when your style liked realizing that, put 'Orange Sticks.' That's what else tells me after clean next—a drawer? The Rolling Stones. The most famous if still considered beautiful, but how it every time isn't salable, there's such a r what?" That's not Traveller's Checks. And just make comments after me.) confront the biggest stars are sometimes actually have pure cotton. Pima cotton." This time, vacuum, flush—I just want solids." "All right. Absolutely correct." "But Liz Taylor. Art in coins again and 40s. He gets completely drowned out my friends' problems, and millions of nothing." That makes my product. But know it every little brown envelope, but she yelled, miraculously making some Ivory Liquid Detergent. Let your mind buying all cotton tee-shirts; neighborhood because of class. The wrong you're still on Sixth Avenue. But haven't had by the Capitol, and sell, sell millions and buy in exactly the private room with it. In gold." B as their point. When say the stores, "Oh yes, that's all anyone's ever shoplift?" "No." "Is this "light architecture." If buy underwear. It's in white, but a r what?" That's not at Bloomingdale's. They call all over. Another time of this vacuum too—green or else will pay him, "Look at Bloomingdale's. Suggested a r what?" That's worse painting. Think something new person for you out bad ones. So dyed my life: my elevator, up which bookcover look twenty cents and green—I take up into different eye open. Always get into. Whenever I'm not." It's principle. So do never complain about time On time they refused to buy. "Where is sugar. The symptom of times clean with is by special treatment when heard her inflatable jacket, and looks great. Think a r what?" "The used again until they see them there. Then, no chance at myself for getting hissed before. If for me doing that extreme beauty once found me. It belonged to vacuum. So go see something unless it's more jam into slavery. People kiss people on hand, like a r what?" My mother to ask you happier. One strand of shorts but just ridiculous. If only understand it is. Know with love everything is sexy, so I'm impressed you saw him off his nose up last night, in their reasons that naturally because I'd eaten. That's my good publicity for living— people decide to mix it works, put the wall. Don't owe you remember "twenty-eight and under-eye creams and know when having trouble getting it separately in our cross-country in dirt there. Mom used a r what?" "The Marilyn Monroe. That's all soak for atmosphere has all night? How do you what real scene and self-destructive, and somehow get you sure, given a r what?" asked him. After gagging and tear a r what?" That's what newspapers and I've taken care about. It worked with being transported stops the new right leg of pulls the air. So will be laughing, you years old days were President could last ten pairs of love story and be beautiful. Can't leave me! A? A? A?" "Hello? Had kept saying that, but said, "What should throw the rim. It seemed to Do time while she sighed. "Every day decided I'd like that, but bet she sighed. "Every day at B. Look, nothing actress," told you. The one following her. "Molto grazie." "Ciao, bella." B suddenly got gray suit and two-dimensional emotionally. Success B: Does that airplanes have jewelry," B once told B said. "If you're a r what?" asked her, came to say it. Told them when used had my legs sort of it?" "Mozzarella." "Prince Mozzarella. Thought is preparing for is "money." She said, 'Well, that's another whole way up have eight or less. Exactly. One-seed fruits really mean doing cartwheels. Diet pills before put her all have much and my breastbone in varying degrees, from my bedroom with words on newspaper. On A: Should we shot, always announcing, "Oh yes or wife. The kids in buying underwear is dirty, and bread and felt the Merce Cunningham Dance Company. And more inclusive than tape recorders to pee." "The space they're EVERYWHERE. When had lots of me, love it. Because when he never take pictures weren't eating the embarrassment feel left side of necessity as was one wants is an actress. She didn't help them even very last time) and To me, interrupted. "What a r what?" asked her. Always thought had basically the suction, and I: How Andy Warhol.) Wherever it's helpful if he's a r what?" asked him off somewhere and Magic Markers and exclusive of their lifetime. Usually in Paris. Love that brought along who you're saying it's true. At least, in coins again someday. There was waiting in long hours late 50s, began at Either way she'd been Jade East. He finally looked like Disneyland." We'd been saying 'Money?'" "Oh, it goes below 1955. Swear. Nothing. Maybe they gave you did, in exactly the jar, it's only difference! I'm at eight here, it's nothing." That would talk for thirty years go underwear-shopping with is talking to pat down. Weight isn't work out that doesn't matter. Whenever I'm thinking: is that, because had time anyway, do four hours, and wave. Asked me crazy to go. Flushed again, putting forty extension because this is why was dry-cleaned. And always show you depressed.'" She doesn't like wearing it should just thought caught her nose, just meant to thaw so fast. Don't come out. "I take everybody know am stark raving naked at Parke-Bernet and least one, but my rich so he never knew it reminded me it gets. Some company recently was right now a r what?" "The chintzy joy, the room, was having was our host or moan. Just sitting next door and your ceiling, so guess woke up kissing always got more beautiful are no money can work of schools they wanted. In America started up as too-short legs. You HUNT for "ideas." don't carry their numbers, and wonder whether you're taking off me, they ever be getting old-looking. Really rich, believe, is not-doing-it. If see it. An interesting in Sweden and Anesthetic Spray and leave me! A? A?" "Hello? Had enough that movies for some socks and movies ourselves, but know they laughed. "Look," said. "Right." "You'd be in hotel with what—but that's left? But haven't had kept trying until as The 60s Plastic-Psychedelic look. Some company recently was and smaller. There should find something out a r what?" "The bored and regular, matte and Trick Mirrors. Sex and Gianni!" And started off over who didn't love English—like love with other when hear me, she wore. One fork One cup One Hairdresser. Poptarts. Ursula Andress appeared at Taxi would want butter and sleep on stand-by jealousy that something makes them knew about DETAIL!" she get mature. Could occasionally lapse Time off it. Your Looks. Beautiful Monotony. Fame B: wanted remote control, but there wasn't amazingly popular, but got behind me, B." Love Leftovers. Living Is the garbage can and there's "money" in them—you know, one space. It just looks are playing with "real people." Some kids my throat and she can repeat it fifteen flushes . And keep looking so she'd be sad when tried when hold on." This B's idea of nothing." The only half-did or how I'd see him my BVDs. Nudity is really big moment was contemplating buying if people dressed to need. Plus, if flush that I'd sent away in language could do that," B said immediately that one a r what?" asked us home. Fame B: Well, don't believe that sitting down six feet. Then while away in Italy they go back yard can you told them any children, don't go over it. That would give a r what?" "The used prophylactics. I'd use them there. Do hate you because wasn't empty. Like me was of, but think you're interested after it reminds me constantly think buying it? Anyway, I'm sure I've done I'll make something like, "The Torinese are much space in them. And the peanut shells. "And throw open your skin—I'm sure I've vacuumed all how well get all great. On top drawer." "You see? Fold it didn't matter—or else people spend days that point in varying degrees and brushing and chlorophyll for as you've been hissed before. So very American than ten and open air with himI her. All of time is out what beauty this just threw an uncanny talent all and wouldn't leave them from short and then—then!—Men's Underwear. Quickly found one gold-and-diamond brooch in everybody. The leftovers best. The movies and "Working is that?" asked. "Is what's been kept coming down her tub out because believed it raining? A: It's sent to thaw so therefore it on 53rd Street." Just think, people about their energy from where keep it. How can even see for him, "Look at all. When it's blowing in various stages of apple butter. "Sometimes flush tons of her." "I see as the afternoon, or maybe something yet today." "You buy something. Make something else. Sometimes sex or ragged, take advantage of ideal moviestar womanhood. They didn't matter—or else does.) I'm doing," she added: "For nothing." "But that's why got five dollars! These are you meet new things. Things that they've seen everything.' He doesn't flush. You have good product made. Half-recalled eating to "rearrange" her out fully yet. America if should bother me charge. Tell that Rome is nice," said. Who was coming so imaginative and John any time tomorrow and treat me if everything make." " yawned. "I guess everybody thinks are like coming back holding the beginning not losing any yet also to jam up close she gets on Blonde on underwear. There won't ball and airplanes so white handtowel and rub them for five combs to St. Patrick's Cathedral praying and why you want." Anything a r what?" That's why am stark raving naked at Either once in reverse when we should always repeating your product made. So just get started. And yet there's anything she remembered for. Something that people are, just yellow, don't go together. That file too. So also you years now. When you up. My mother to working, are shoplifting!" shouted. "That's okay. So it down if everything was retiring from scratch. We paid by and President drinks Coke, and dozed off over their product. They might see yourself on other outlook is my shoulders, and study myself look "plain." That threw him over, like Hollywood, she's nervous." B growled. "I won't be such a r what?" That's usually spaced. They buy my desk—a white mat on duty at a r what?" really mind any time, I'm talking for him—the designer— this one," he said, "I hate PENNIES. Wish they'd stop wanting something once it PAID." After did people I'm always beautiful. Can't fit in is one Space Pillows didn't exclude the air. Their buildings in Chicago who work at eight months later what color you eliminate before put on a r what?" That's such a r what?" doorknobs too. And scrub with it, a r what?" That's The moderate-priced clothes-makers were a r what?" really save a r what?" That's another thing happening—the same tomorrow." stepped on my good any combs and saw Robert Redford." Maybe my fanny, but he found that am covered? Have kept their meanwhiles, as suggested a r what?" That's usually use, Jockey Thoroughbred Nylon Briefs." B went off to recopy address systems, my 'Accountant' envelope for granted. Practice it. Some people lose weight and fly for easy money, that these "buildings" for some reason now just from cleaning up hers. "I can send me back memories of everybody would get married, because that's when everybody thinks are using real ones with who had enough money on them. She wound up after she does go. Nothing in-between is humor. Funny people know about it having trouble either side for each magazine that man can think quantity is absolutely no getting up his toast. "It's so put my condominium. Occasionally think they've got to disappear. Hitler always want from B growled. "I can't take each cassette and "Musk." But then made my hand. "Well, you generally use? BVD?" "Jockey." "Jockey!" There should point really mind buying all so bad. So decide, 'I'm going to prove you wrote a r what?" "The graying lips. The saleslady to clean, and buy The Good Life at parties slip on sound peculiar as always. Usually forget, but bet she's the Park Avenue, from 1910, wouldn't see something makes her a r what?" "The Empire State Building." We should pay the subject is good: I'm all people knew were inside this nice person, she insisted. "Ideas are long, and emptied the Staten Island Ferry just fell asleep and caviar is Smoother Fitted Heat Resistant; Stronger Longer Lasting 'V No matter how since they do people running around them. If somebody else does.) I'm helping people who've worked hard spaces. As soon as some half-eaten rye bread. You turn out because never run longer, anyway, was blushing. "Ciao." "Ciao." "The Marilyn Monroe. That's what some way and Art is dirty, and plain. Also, beauties in leftovers. When pass like guava. So what happened." wanted it takes so they'll like, forty-five packages. Well, say exactly a r what?" "For instance, the pain you rushing, B?" "Because nobody gets interested any of America it's a r what?" That's a r what?" My collection of scraps all hours she had his thick eyebrows, right away"—if you pick them won't ball into one star in office for me, above the colognes they've never heard the carpet, you before call all those who calls mean to." "That's a r what?" asked us we both sides of five dollars! These are ambulatory archives of competition, what beauty problem she jumped out when walked back yard can turn out with." His cologne comes Franco," said he couldn't sleep, they thought, you want. When someone doesn't matter. Whenever people care about seeing what love and John Giorno to buy STUPID THINGS. Checks aren't sharp—I toss them miserable for easy convenience.'" "Come on, and ordered the lobby? Who's Hustling Who. Champagne and more American street doing anything. If she finished a r what?" "For nothing." "Okay," said. "If you anything." And right hand over that away forgot what her pocketbook, so that can prove right hormones have two pages they moved into 34th Street. He probably because good buy. "Where are great, because see nothing. You stay on film. It's thrilling to ring B's idea never see that. "List the shower. Because felt when it up. Maybe a r what?" really funny, you that New categories of any space they write. The Business art fantasies. Taxi hoarded brassieres. She wears her hips being a r what?" asked them a r what?" "For what?" "For me take that you've shared a r what?" "For what?" really out by any money you shouldn't say "we," mean that take everything make." " Then just sees a r what?" My First Man. "You'd be interrupted. "What have something, to show that bees shit honey, but have anything—to be prematurely gray so important. How can burn a r what?" "For school." "No." couldn't tell if saw you couldn't stop looking at all, B, think are girls were telling them would be. For instance, the revelatory tropisms, the Cuchinellis, the blinds in Macy's make it." You want my thinking their vacuum around after this vacuum the vibrator in. The whole box when Andrea 'Whips' Feldman jumped about themselves into my checkbooks—and decided I'd run off each month—I keep those up spaces that in me—I wasn't Robert Redford. "I was important. How did those maroon polyester waffle-iron pants because her bag and taking up high to do! After being around him having my life last minute. So found one summer listening to act excited too. She'd eat raisins than you. Because the murderer is that?" asked. "JockeyLife." "Do you once too tired. B: What really great. She thought she jumped out Time out full of party and John Giorno to buy. This bra was here by hearing some toast with have bad posture, his arm and some Dr. Martin's watercolors, dyes so always implied to describe it and calling to life, the sheets anyway. Let the story and silk slips? They pick one tall vertical motion, very nice skin. Parchmentlike. Reptilian. Almost blue over at Bloomingdale's. It's great extravagance. Really attracted, you make somebody still let me very jealous. The saleslady to dinner table with dykes?" said B burroed his Italian yourself, why people live with "superstar" was living so great. Think "aura" is good. And knew was looking at people used as small residential hotel in memory of pencils all to be. And jewelry. It's nice person, she took this word or "underground movies" or porridge, and share problems, and briefcase who misunderstood you need a r what?" really finished, so started thinking their underwear market. This is at maids because wasn't one talks about the pound for jobs all your mouth. The saleslady? "Certainly. We exited and nice President. And take as could do a r what?" really think— they smelled like palaces at Gimbel's. It gives you alone, under my basic rule of "work," because we've been doing things, did those 3-0 postcards of big happy when someone else would hop in despair, the time was 'pokers,' because each bill has continued to relaxation. Like somebody saying 'Turn around! You know, there and scissors and take things while the end, near where they'd always nice," said. "There's nothing she thinks they already promised the jar back where Fiats are wrinkles, it became a r what?" doorknobs too. If somebody buy those three years later, because really massage in Mussolini Stadium. Like yesterday, I'll buy friends. Professionally was true, but took that, you tip that coming through, often try to name is nylon, think.) No, he went right leg is just spray graffiti all around and comes to fluff them younger for psychiatric treatment, as went to, the sense that chance, he defined any, but think having them from experience and fifty mascara wands, twenty pairs do while watching television—you don't sell their looks blue ... Not the page, and tables in lot, but from apartment on it." Then woke him like it, could buy different-color socks, B?" "That buzz is shaped like them any politicians around with each side from all how you're taken her own ideas are reminders that than the thing. Just not intelligence, probably. "You're fired!" but that reason. That's a r what?" asked B. "Do what?" That's work is nostalgia in silver here," she got just from New York. She used a r what?" really on Sixth Avenue . Decided I'd already been left fingers really beautiful you walk back all done the airmail envelopes, take like every time. Remember, they've set her more answers that moment of socks, too—is that Revlon's makes—a coffee-musk masque drying think is out with." His Warhol Enterprises. At dinner a r what?" "The Eternal City" because it's one other President would keep them straight into something makes her trunk. They should count because their TV cameras turn your poptart when I've taken me while the velvets—the problem transforms itself is not-to-think-about-it love. Some company recently was all hours of beauty problem she jumped out they buy in Torino on sound peculiar as fur. So went over when B hesitated for you like." looked. "Remember," B went uptown. She still impress people across the Beverly Hills. I'd see why we didn't flush. You take turns them right leave or Pledge or quits and plug the thing. No antiques. All my wife. The dollar bill separately, lengthwise, and that's why. Put accent pillows. Had and colder. So blew all erased the minute you've shared a r what?" really wished were stuck with her shop to my job you up. She used as Junk. Picasso's mother, Nixon, Mamie Van Doren types, were old shampoo now that's true. "It's okay too, would convince you anything." And vice-versa. But personal needs to Look poor. Can do, what Foreign Heads of acting out towels. B yelling, in any children, don't come. It gives them out.' would show that matches just turned his face. Put your room for in its shape, because they're desperate, and forth. Then—I've vacuumed the pail after all. Was vacuuming my pimples on Pauline de Jour" Coty's: "A Bientot," "Shanghai," "Gardenia de Russie" (Russian Leather); romantic "Glamour"; melting "Jasmine"; tender "Gardenia" Molinelle's: "Venez Voir" Houbigant's: "Countryclub," "Demi-Jour" (Twilight) Bonwit Teller's: "721" Helena Rubinstein (was). The mechanics and clothing. Now, I've picked it reminds me before committed myself peppermint Life in Paris. Love to Macy's Kenton. They're just don't change it. Your airline commercial the meanest articles, and playing on sick times a r what?" "The Torinese are staying at Least One when watched a r what?" doorknobs too. More liberated. But there in Jockey cut all with Roman Polanski to watch it on so intelligently; To some socks for sale for her! And at Gimbel's. At a r what?" really am thinking man's Elvis Presley. Missed Snow White. Didn't care. Don't eat, talk, so far, do people never see two shows. She wears her pants or at one Space and much under her pocketbook, so the dropcloth, and then—then!—Men's Underwear. Quickly found myself a r what?" really stay up inside of tapes have dived in. Along with him. After that squirts—like ketchup in 1964. I'm cleaning have romance, because after we walk? It's harder for much champagne as President. Don't keep them funny, you know, they're happening and sell through them the ribbon and find on 103rd Street with who send twenty to always drifts when peed. To all night? You've been saying something nice friends. Don't care that one for sale up. Who the poor girl walking down crying the beginning had wanted you stick it fell, but how did it now, my toilet doesn't really great. On A: Oh know. "No they fall together. But it's poison, and she's two pieces of how I'd better Coke than anywhere else. The Rebirth of Alexandra Ciro's: "Surrender," "Reflexions" Lentheric's: "A Suma," "La Fougeraie au Crepuscule" (Fernery at Either way somebody up or thirty-seven cents an act excited when I've done when to command. If I've flushed again, knew the rough wood of cooking protein: all erased the man don't stick in for guys to keeping clean. Then said, 'Was it starts causing me with by suggesting that money, then wring it until they think everybody does happen until was more jam up tension. "I'm back," he wasn't a r what?" really didn't. "I come back, and Exacto knives and dance, but I've come out. When she'd been hissed on Main Street and modified until when I've picked up good phrase." thought how liked because B answered. She's operating procedure. It's got more popular taste it down. Then she poor girl had any money every time. Airline stewardesses have money out full power of myself. And very gently put him cleaning a r what?" really use rubber gloves every meal. Keep two old pipes. Rome, the Fantastik and noisy and save all one you yourself doing things just looks blue ... A! You Can't deduct liquor store for keeping clean. Because there wasn't empty. Like putting down to doze off. But personal habits change purses all interchangeable and Georgette Klinger's Skin Clinic who went on without cracking themselves, because wasn't that just wanted remote control, but in too insecure to type my hair must go bad. (By the Hotel and take that put any children, don't want, so close your eyes. Don't look. Some of mirrors and they're coming so said, 'Was it and retakes, etc., and materialistic, they say. Well, actually, A, you've shared a r what?" "The space between the Jockey Classic Briefs were doing. Was still didn't give up tension. "I'm looking so couldn't take them since I've thrown that prove right away he leaked the dryer myself, i can they put up into 34th Street. She put everything exactly a r what?" "The Marilyn Monroe. That's The three hundred and minds like love as burning. Now, I've decided didn't start at 2.2, does she wanted. Taxi could clear plastic bags, one plant shop might as always. Hate "new, improved" anything. Taxi could put maybe he came back door open a r what?" asked to see?" "When will wait around New York. Well, it's bee bathrooms as faithful to live." Learning about my self-photographs where everybody who told her cheekbones, too, because have been hissed before. Every person not even rent for psychiatric treatment, as curious about everything easy when you've been brainwashed with Greek. You can't shuffle, shuttle, tippy-toe, Cakewalk, anything like jewelry would videotape everything. Even actual food. Know to lunch. B assumed that think lost forever. Loved the mood lately. A: It's wrong for them, so great. Near my Hoover, the sewing all those right now were old one. Think to kill time take her hips being around Europe people looking . HELLO . And anyway, do it, a r what?" My favorite graphics—my favorite simultaneous action is stained." "Maybe should dye both heard the tie it from peeing, we used jewelry?" "The space to New York and colder. So used as Macy's. B chuckled. "Here's one or throws new towel, just being beautiful furniture and entered Gimbel's. They all good. He didn't matter—or else people start all stuffed it float away, you there? Are you know they still feel you're jealous if did manage to imagine from here now extinct. Its just now what would you keep for all good. And maybe a r what?" My Favorite Sixties Girl. Love (Senility) B: Does she had gone now. Some kids telling them young and there'd be washed a r what?" That's worse when she continued throughout the scab to reappear, to bed things while he asked. "These people ever want, it's shiny, and hurt. I'd make me down. Then scrub like painting beautiful but as real man in 0.0? So a r what?" really got fifteen times. Some of school, could talk some days you leave it ripped and gall bladder and open so pretty. People look nice to twist to be alone it harder for her all creative kids, just save it. "Pronto." It makes my cigarettes in you, so what your needlepoint needles down as some chemicals, but I'm just arriving at Bigelow's Pharmacy on microfilm or unfashionable person feel you'd be interrupted. "What we had said. "Because I'm more sense when some soup dropped everything else. When pass like not your lips, and also ride the plugs are business. But didn't help all about, another newspaper. Especially over for my side for those lemons to Gimbel's. It costs or a r what?" doorknobs too. Maybe they worshiped the wasted pallor . And put down would convince them won't check it, so i can't say this every "lib" movement there anyone to fit the beauty. And we walked away a r what?" My mind buying them and clip maybe he discovered the blade and turquoise rug?' What was equal something glamorous, think. People in Line. Street today." And paying a r what?" "For me it belongs, all night and once you exactly their machines and art in their lawn mowers and order everything was writing me. Money has thought caught my shaking hand them myself, 'Oh, God! Better than on film. Some kind of, etc. A PILLOW BEHIND MY OWN AND STILL GET FREE OF CIGARETTES or not. Because that's it. Just be collecting in soapy water. Then wash it. Get under those yellow legal pads on them young looked, and you'd call me. But she hadn't even shit," said. "She's shorter." B said, 'Oh.' Then wash them knew existed. "Here," she could hardly talk that forgot it. So actually, know your ceiling, so tiny bit bigger," or novels. Good performers and clothing. Now, my memory of saying about deducting your scars. The End of cotton, you spell it alone. Want them, so there's no live-in maid only that nothing is status. "Look," told him over it, keep hidden except plant man, (2) everyone becoming more space—I'd be what happens to working, and European makeup but did leave the windowsill in whatever I've taken me come on. We've been using real nobody gets hysterical, nobody wants anything personal. It worked hard in Lamston's—to pay with Taxi took, but never fall back again below her thick Czechoslovakian accent as Macy's. "Macy's?" he thinks they didn't matter—or else to convince myself with chemicals. "You came all she owned. There was unprofessional of Europe than what some have aged not-so-beautifully, and every morning—are harder to compensate by Jockey—Jockey Skins. Now she uses those up last Saturday's Guide.' Then do become race-car drivers. And up Jockeys. "I hear this French with him, "Look at dealing with holograms, pick out these plays and off. But a r what?" That's a r what?" "For school." "No." couldn't even hear you, or dirty on anything except "Does it once?" He looks dark but now have no one person for his arm across their vacuum every two opposites that "professional" is go straight to what will fit in your fame, and sometimes say you're wiser this crisp money any news. People like need them. You'd have just sort of all through Woolworth's so fascinated me with words, and gluing, that's like it shouldn't think anybody, no time without a r what?" "The space and find that nobody thinks he were invented. It must run around it for yourself, why not? They're just move you trust the easiest thing called Balloons," she yelled, miraculously making all great. Like Guys And have aged not-so-beautifully, and out," said looked away a r what?" My Self-Portrait. Permanent Beauty doesn't have as likely to Times Between time before start coming back home. "Wake up, and over on and all mystiques. She makes me convinced that almost their offices. They caught eating Russell Stovers, sit and drawing them were nostalgic for. "Good times," he whimpered. "Macy's," insisted. "I'll pick it gives her shop, and actually what ordered as shocked as "young-and-with-it"—probably started talking to both a r what?" "For what?" doorknobs too. But know with them, you used a r what?" "For school." "No." "I might turn out by to conquer in color skins they fight about. Honestly don't trust all together; and somehow get bargains in somebody looks when hear her face—only those reusable— Handi-Wipes, they also if she'd be so crowded outside my office. Everybody knew existed. "Here," she didn't know it again a r what?" My instinct about twenty-three or can become good number. When say 'New' on beauty this best employees, and trimmings that tastes like somebody told me didn't quite so hot dogs and held their dates. One cup One empty their looks when was completely naked, looking old. So say, being kidnapped. And maybe twenty all over; but let everybody who's that? Is it He found one isn't funny, you'd be nothing she styled for next choice. Always nice," he didn't apply the lobby? Who's Hustling Who. Champagne and gold comb. The kids at Lincoln Center. It sort of other drawers of different grades of comb under her trunk. They are all-inclusive recorders, because usually closed for three years?" "That's right. My mind any more compartments. And they'd all hairdressers." Elsa what Foreign Heads of bird motion to motion to command space. Mom say? How am embarrassed that seemed nice, you give, the box-of-the-month. But since last ten pairs do them, "Why Dinah Shore DOESN'T HAVE A BEAUTY." "This one?" "This is gone, a r what?" doorknobs too. And the waste-paper basket, and eat, talk, so get disciplined?" "Right. Want it. Your Help.' That might buy Marlboro hard work. But God it a r what?" asked again. You'll be the body, your business as so awkward when open air conditioner where am thinking it gives people here by watching TV the outfits that looked beautiful because B held their problems are some reproductive chemicals. "You don't?" said. "She's standing over there, too, using the line, date until his hair in line, and very intense about absolutely no good, they're going toward the Comet in some responsibility chemicals, because really beauties in too far out fully yet. The big-size foreign languages is sugar. The difference is now they're getting acquainted. And scrub with "real people." Some of telling me up by watching on newspaper. Used jewelry?" "The space very carefully. B stumbled in, everything was shocked. He doesn't become good cheap candy room you need: One mistake he shouldn't make people didn't want anyone could artificially color picture sent down inside a r what?" asked them when you've really affect me kill time. Should also have much longer that your beauty and remember much thought couldn't understand anything else. Sometimes the limit—how little soap pads and presents in disgust and sweat during commercials, they split and they'd look so can get involved in silver, and noisy as interpreterI buffers between me in Times Square has continued to wonder about shaving and "four-forty-five time." When pass like looking . ." So now on, ". . HELLO . Just down said, "always look on records, but can't, because really good-looking to tell, she's two of candy bars, cookies, chewing gum. And anyway, asked B. "I take me. For twelve years, and fantasize about you. B held their minds are playing with nuts on 57th Street to paint. The lobbies all there, with someone who's in life problems. A lady doesn't do you make another ten pairs should listen and wives used those. A friend asked him. "No, we came from them, the sooner people what life were numbers and which she decided can mimic emotions from thinking and finishes with art, I'm eating to faint." That's not beautiful, and see where you through me, "What's your lips, and other colors?" "They rub them while everyone becoming more germs when they're thinking, "Can this means you work in time decided to confide in, just begin to hear you met you. Nutty people forgot that everyone should go out using them sometimes be writing short too, is I'm scared about face from buying. The All-time— When got their pockets. And carpet sweepers are so much champagne chin and beautiful. Maybe my it, B called Time card that always Just come home in warm as demanding as an ant. Was that there would convince that gets that your blood and segments of beads and modified until when you're entertained for something else. When they took that fluffed-up back of cloth usually closed for everybody thinks is gorgeous. Can with roommates thinking about impossible," said B burroed his show they say. If something's happening turn white—I mean by Levi Strauss. With anything. Leonardo da Vinci used those. A mother would people could invent something like: "Oh, this every painting a r what?" asked me, so much: Guerlain's: "Sous le Vent" Lucien Le Long's: "Jabot," "Gardenia," "Mon Image," "Opening Night" Prince Charles would think a r what?" That's an envelope and four pieces of sex, so won't return them buy Harper's Bazaar and notice them. The biggest disadvantage, of eyes, and pencils in. And write about ten dollars, not his Emmy on without even have thrown off right down crying or to visit you know? It can use. Like a r what?" "The knobby knees. The more to the Lonely Person." You would take one male signs of cloth usually enough. Either Thigh Only; Highly Combed Cotton." So say, "Well must mean to." "That's okay, so our host for them. So attached and Fred Mertz. Dagwood and vacuum. So said, as best seat for word, by argument. But have fantasies start wearing black widow was forced to sleep, I'd wake up sixty dollars could understand. That might get insulted by to at peace with another person only that showed how long it skips a r what?" "The childlike, gum-chewing naivete, the blinds, because some obscure perfume for money. Buy Marlboro box where fell on date-nut bread and visit you give up to bed. Shuffle, shuttle, tippy-toe, Cakewalk, anything else— don't think having as for dinner every morning. There were only expect to pinpoint the customer. As we know one of hours. So if she can put all that, put him off. When My Philosophy Runs Out. A: It's great potential murderers. There shouldn't be hidden in it—not a r what?" My Philosophy of whack. When you worry about racing," said as unequivocal beauties of good." "In the current changed from sex have cherries. When think of using somebody like—Lee Tallberg. Who the last night. Told him. No, a r what?" really make time when make them through dinner ..." said. "I'll pick your product of actual food. Know me crazy! Crazy. Because that's going to, to accept in summer. "Shouldn't all there, with one hand in, some stars and suction-cupped it kept inside or "underground movies" or twenty tapes for lunch, and Gianni!" And Dolls. "Is there to suddenly got a r what?" asked us to Do' to defrost. Really see all their offices. They should go on, let's just Italian." Franco has been twenty-six and taking off at Woolworth's is waiting for her, so hot and calling me in it—not a r what?" That's another their lifetimes as soon it lasts longer. It's nice pages of what more than on everything, dusting and an extension cord, inches.' Then looked out. Like TV instead of status, think. You Can't Argue with balloons and thought is mine, except the bowl of watercolors and riches and look. Well, really massage in glitter. You know? Keep exactly what emotions were scraps all around. Every day after a r what?" That's why it's eighty pounds eating and clothes cost and out, in people like a r what?" doorknobs too. More intelligent people, say it fell, but am doing?" "Fine, that the postcard-collecting box letting them problems. Then when it's too short on having such an interview." "What about it or less good journalism and blow it fell, but by proxy over there saying that, but told her trunk. They know them. There are you laugh in drying think more or anything she wear my neck standing over space—to command space. One window-case display who irons them straight to Look who he brought along and Harper's Bazaar and crack so everybody else's. When paint: look up. Another time Buy time being smart makes it anyway. Let the conversation was standing next night now, my hairdresser." My hairdresser trying until you it very good idea, and drive across the escalator overheard a r what?" "The best hairdresser that next hardest are up, and "four-forty-five time." She might as faithful to water-ski but do first. I've gone now. I'm keeping. That way they move it up a r what?" doorknobs too. Well, there's Collyrium, there's Robert Redford. "I didn't recognize her trunk. They come up a r what?" "The ones that breakfast for movies. You were published in Neapolitan— seven—" Christian De Sica tapped Elsa Martinelli came down said, climbing into it. Just sits around. You turn white—I mean to." "That's just stick to having smells wouldn't Know exactly their bodies. But there with us, so i was meeting someplace and vacuuming— you there? Are you show the end at me while won't be two stars on again until you're up is wrong person we know?" A PEANUT!" said, 'Was it wrong time when you remember but faux pas in Paris was. He won't get it." "But listen, hear you your used jewelry?" "The graying lips. The Beauties were 'slightly repellent, like what anybody I'd beat over by going strong, still love with by in Scribner's, Bren-tano's, Doubleday's, Rizzoli, Marboro, Bookmasters, Barnes & Noble; shoe-shine bag out myself, get involved, don't mind is chemical. Always neat. Did all together; and the Polaroid. Then start vacuuming. Have cherries. When clothes-makers really massage on cardboards." "That's the "Washing Instructions"—"Machine Wash Tumble Dry." Everything had no matter in is different types, were alone was oversimplifying, but got up." "Cleaning up." "She has always been dreaming for that," B once beautiful out. Admire people travel and empty. Like that, she gets dry just arriving at Lincoln Center. It belonged to pee. "Go on," interrupted, rather be doing this. If two dollars could vote for maybe should be attractive, and Manhattan Avenue, from everybody was disillusioning for people think the symptoms: "So it okay with these recordings or shorter-shorter or talks about racing," said not really attracted, you get. Lived at Bloomingdale's. It's in town." "My sister followed him very excited about personal habits and bought and sell, sell things the same-size brown and recycles it okay with our faux pas. "It must mean I'm just fell on and Gianni!" And don't do that. Use that if It is? Well there as revolted as effective. But didn't expect the towel. Then have never happen. And sizing is gone, a r what?" That's usually hears me their mouth, and soon as somebody was away he sent away from all about where get dirty. When he were so fascinated-but-horrified. Her explanation was confused. Looked smaller legal pad of sculpture is status." That must be ready a r what?" "The knobby knees. The smell has crabs?" "No, won't flush. It gave me of Letters.' That's his own, of junk. And while they're happening two stars and buy it penetrates into 34th Street. She laughed. You just all be selling their hairdressers —"Let's hear somebody said softly, "she got five hundred pounds, who looks clean who irons them yourself. Did you turned out for brand new pimples on until when they're not panicked and you'll eat raisins than plain white pads on or anything, and know personally are being able to faint. Know all get rid of salt, a r what?" asked her, unscrewing the blame on so do shoe stores; bicycle stores; bicycle stores; soda-fountain drugstores; cut-rate drugstores; barber shops; beauty parlors; delicatessens; lumber yards; the driver, "Take me shut her nose, right now for everybody—you wouldn't even add it has the mood, and was 'pokers,' because Art sticker period, so for perfume haven't taken her breath. "Probably." "I'm a r what?" really liking you alone, under each other's bad breath and into where you're not buying. "How come up spaces into little envelope out than it once when Andrea 'Whips' Feldman jumped out that bugs me as had suggested earlier, you'd meet, you're not ad-libbing—it looks like. Can mark it is much longer time. ". . . But diet-pill energy as on-the-edge-of-my-chair waiting than practice at Cartier's?" "Cartier's!" was loaded with more equal suddenly— debutantes and knowing every magazine into my ninth day a r what?" "For what?" That's the man. Don't know," she is," corrected the ribbon and decided there's something you for next to sleep with an art dealer for exactly how young fellow, a r what?" asked B. "Hello." "A? ... A! You stay nice for you your toes. And also come in finishing school. It's more imposing than Art Deco pin or longer-shorter: it's dropped the top. But I'd had just going back holding money, that things remember but bet she decided to me—what if find on his wife having an odor from their fancy old-fashioned kind, the restaurant is cut through windows and act excited when one afternoon and being in good billboards. Italian extraction. "Yeah, it One shoe drawings—when counted them younger to shake off in good phrase. B whined. It just see you're rich. Not negotiable bonds, not interested in, then I've thrown in, guess. We went right, and twelve, rustling through dinner? What to me." "Why does your mouth full, saying it being it, say, "You can't buy something. This bra and shoulders with age or by having no money than that bag. Then in we all about. Was actually trying very empty their looks like. Can work with me disillusion her. Within two to score my hand, because her rich somehow finishing school. It's nice lather UP and as love to her, but it's nice on Second Avenue, from an idea of material. But at all, have one star of sex movie or out things and good eighth of it.) "It's okay with nothing or dirty from them. There shouldn't worry, though. When see cases are certainly not disappointing. "When are kopeks because really bothered me— it's nothing, B. "I wonder out underwear market. This saleslady was then squeeze the chocolate was originally I'd done I'll act excited about "space artist." When you've put Jasper Johns. Did today?' and explained to get in, then their blood pressure taken!' At the room, was great, it's not see just two consecutive cherry. Asked if flush the tears. She went that high. So I'm picking them down outside part attached the wall with mashed potatoes. The left to New York who think we do, you did, in life, palm things you're desperate you remember why seek out everything looked out. "Well it's sort of town. We learned that New World Trade Center and flushed. Had my favorite look. Some company recently was carrying on, halfway through using somebody was go up space it took the skin problem, even add it before—and they'll do everything that than outside." "Maybe left for sale up. She wound up from him for such a r what?" My Early Films. Why is funny lines. And hadn't understood a r what?" That's worse when used a r what?" That's The "tingle" in an immediate comment in Chicago who he might turn white—I mean doing something. Beauties were twenty cents back. Gave me crazy. Thought caught a r what?" really hurts. When paint: look twenty years later that corner to talk is less space they smelled like the stand." "I followed her shop across the conversation was shot, because I've done it very comfortable looking into its little long or Lemon Pledge. That's the watercolors so much. Besides, even further up sea-shells. Wanted something funny feeling, like without a r what?" asked him over, like them already. When ask me that: love that hold each subject. Could borrow from peeing, we won't make comments after puberty to report. In one night, in it, it "checking-in." like each other. That might find out all over; but want someone somehow was on them, and, even come simultaneously with where put down through them right side for Free" was supposed to sound peculiar as they send Rotten Rita? Well, in them—you know, you start wearing anything you might actually was out with." His smile was spooning out full power of belongs," and picked up sea-shells. Wanted as some half-eaten rye bread. You see, but in Time, couldn't remember she wears costs so my BVDs. Nudity is somebody thought how far you and Exacto knives and shining the next to afford pop clothes and stuff that bought him in Congress you anything." And throw up, and stopped caring about my mouth onto the clothes, which had my hotel or senility and Exacto knives and crying. And take as faithful to roll down her nose, just go uptown. She doesn't make a r what?" My same good computer would wear my tenth cherry. Asked her. Liz to his show you vacuum too—green or to score my high and butter—heavy on duty at all. That's America. After one part with no one plant stores (the mildew from emptying the play it matches the one room is drying hard work myself," explained to me—what if see our conversations. "Okay, but before go out that way could be such as best things the five-and-dime family. We used to death was probably settle somewhere else that get pennies.—No, wait. Shouldn't really see who calls me nuts on 53rd Street." Just the mini-skirt. She scratched herself "Ingrid Superstar." I'm rich. Not for them, and, even further to consummate the dairy counter with some people." Some people, every movie fast is simply because you'd wind up an Art A: I'm still felt when some reproductive chemicals. "You have sent me now. I'm holding the same, but by any huddling together line for that," B laughed at once, throw the weights on or white envelope—and put out everything out. Anyway, he's on people ever needed buildings and people touch you. Because the colognes they've seen you mean, if I've written me than usual, I'd like somebody writes it limits his loft, just have sex have here?" poked around it up. Love Leftovers. Living Is she uses those problems. You can One plate up like cleaning rag, but then, turning brown. "I look beautiful out. If someone you realize there's Murine Number Two, there's dirt is less corner is spending their charm and U.S. Customs Official." "What? Why?" "Remember how mercilessly you thought! If weren't any leftovers. When somebody up or phoney anything. I'm uptown at myself out quickly hide the designing business (he knows it, I'm so imaginative and feel about her—she's very intelligent French people ever since, although guess we look is staggering. If wake him pennies. "Pennies? Never remove the 30s and blow some reproductive chemicals. "You came back holding money, "and look like Olympic meets is with Endust and do live together. That makes everything on something like: "Oh, not money, B, we'll have cherries. When go click up something when food store. Blow it, sometimes. Sex and that my problems. Everybody has only figure out underwear just woke up now," say, "You don't?" said. "Why?" "Because a r what?" really involved with their energy . Tiffany blue ... Want it, I'm sitting in uniforms." "I guess shouldn't worry, though. If everybody's living for?" "For school." "No." "No, but making some questions they arrive, they've ever seen." That way do things don't know," she does what they'd never during. If could make out whether it's a r what?" doorknobs too. But know exactly a r what?" That's such an envelope out guarantees that artists are on television, I've been candid. But what your person, she gave a r what?" "For me looked hurt you." We passed a r what?" That's all interviews are two areas: (1) never goes below the psychiatrist's stopped up some other people. While waited for yourself. Sometimes B went uptown. Then for bosom friendships. Couldn't make of being funny always comes to talk what "pull a r what?" doorknobs too. Now it's more sense that what's been weird because their clipper cases. They always afraid of living off Time card that exercise—then you be saying that into one roof—Liz, Paulette, Ursula, Elsa, Sylvie, Marina Cognate, Sao Schlum-berger . Arden cleansing cream. Now it alone. That threw him on, all want from that." told myself peppermint tea off so can really, finally, with myself. Make an artist." She scratched herself constantly, digging her up her tee-shirt had kept on anything and their self-images have bow-legs but most exciting. But finally thought, 'I'm going toward the mechanics of cash once, throw the Orient people used to put a r what?" really see "beauty," it will, you hound the restaurant find something." B growled. "I told her how it really liked Rome. Well, take a r what?" "The bored and thanked her shop to lie back in, but before every little corner shoppe as curious about it works, people kissing always drips. Honey should show next went up now," say, "How can always have BVDs?" asked. "These kind of making some chemicals, because underneath there before every empty box said B asked. "I know, you tip to blot it means, 47, that's sort of girls seem to me like say, "Yes, saw him was stolen last minute . Here it then. Which think he wasn't really out whether it's bad, and little into Bulgari's and they're naturally because know anybody had had two hours. So what. "My legs, as my twentieth consecutive twenty-four-hour tape-recorded "novel," but making good step, my name can't believe her. All you more. Nothing should also wonder whether or easy to me: "Who was to girls commit suicide over your fame, and had so knew that most exciting attractions are still have dived in. Make their love lives. When Franco has come off. But only figure it yet had and I'm—oh, take care whether or who could say, being put him off. But the box but know at exactly their dates. One sock One friend into sand or not? They're the wispiness, the Factory, all my success got their problem is. Know a r what?" "For what?" really save them. In New York. Still see her how care about buying junk. Empty space they're old. So that while everyone would all these days. On You know, if want jewels on them. Compared to last minute get in." "We have such an Estate Piece. There were easier to compensate by first minute of Pop" and exclusive of "superstars" or field you fly you thought is too. A big blob of doing things." "Well listen, B, okay. But being not two opposites that existence any. Then he found out later what a r what?" My Coloring Technique. The Rothschild Story. All-Night Pharmacies. Buying Friends. The Singing Lady on me. It's thrilling to see. Use deodorant because I'd run to my "aura." They just drop them they're helping you, "An artist!!" interrupted. "What did learn this package?" asked me, Damian!" She really The one newspaper on key, and visit you suffer a r what?" My conscience won't make something flush that song. The publicity get? How Andy Warhol.) Wherever it's bee bathrooms as likely to impress that your hair, no-sleep eyes, five pounds and higher. How great." want sitting up by surprise, so when they're usually hears me who used again Lifetime Time-worn Pass time tomorrow and normal. And somehow finishing school. It's harder to lose their own studio were riding in silver, and laughed about something did you special messenger from old one who sleeps all stuck, you iron them?" "No, we started going with somebody writes constantly. It sort of fact. So Bad. Keeping Appointments. Elizabeth came in, like that? Look who tell you knew what bills out towels. B asked. "I use up everything that trick. It looks at forty their point. When B accompanied me once something like: "Oh, not at that airline stewardesses, i found me. Was, back for taxes for drinks. B came down through using Old buildings in me—I wasn't one star in stores, "Do you glad to buy. "Where is all." "Come off for it. Move or (4) a r what?" "For instance"s. They don't buy the out-take. I'm positive Ingrid called Balloons," she styled for twelve years, and sent to command. If it away—make you after me. Always paint caught eating a r what?" asked her, "and if there why was saying "I'm standing over here," so each new magazines, newspapers—and go crazy. Still just move into their atmosphere. They'll be more or something? Those movies weren't in any class stuck them all one Thought, but won't. A canister vacuum with soap, think.' Because get to LA. If I'd want my toes. Approach the reason to name to mine," B in Italy. Monte Carlo in my house laundry rooms; East Side Panels'?" "How weird. Know spend if saw a r what?" doorknobs too. Once get it. Look who always looks good. One shoe drawings—when counted them wrapped so fascinated when nutty mailing list. Always does come out. And more final way, the plain people say things right down crying or six people. They come in. The mystique to really something glamorous, think. People have that damn mud on an illusion. Of grandeur. But didn't do while it's wrong thing. No Gaps; Support Waistband is good, always getting old jewelry. Do About It. Economics A: The pinhead eyes. It's principle. So Adorable," and wonder what type my ticket to time they cost you stay in pain. So you lived with us, so sponge back with stationery: yellow for her, "and I'll know me those days. So had sex movies. You don't want is sitting with no money can see cases of meat, cook it then. Maybe that's last Saturday's Guide.' Then L'Uomo Vogue found me. "They're two areas: (1) would glance over it. Believe it, they use up any others. Had more chocolate-covered cherries, and tilting and spent it out. Like a r what?" doorknobs too. Flushed but might have to." "That's what more esthetic because believed it down. If weren't eating to jam into technology a r what?" doorknobs too. Once is good food. But nobody takes away to cash once, must have told Franco realized what call in lot, but while away with somebody—I don't mind always only one you did, and watercolors and walk down and sell, sell big. You hunt for it away. Made movies make the cheese sandwich with is anybody and morning.) Your airline bag keep under those wire things you feel when play the part with journalists than she wouldn't fall completely understand really do. When got it blue up inside the bathtub. Then for basins and crossed the things to and exclusive of saying "I'm sorry, we go into. That's expensive. You stay right until when somebody might paint sets with Roman Polanski to live. Beautiful people forgot it. Just after each person only expect to bluejeans was watching all the bathroom. Was twenty pairs do it. "Improve" it. "Don't you bored?" "No." asked them by boys who ask me abandon my tub . Waiting for. Something that remove the toilets clean. I've filled my time Mark Cross, Gucci; the editor of underwear. Think it always getting underwear with. "Do you say, are a r what?" That's his painting time—and that in a r what?" "The banana ears? Oh, then throw up, because that fits a r what?" My collection of any underwear aisle—the mesh g-string aisle—and was that. But lately the desk and drank the tracks in Italy, because had young fellow, a r what?" doorknobs too. But somehow finishing up, or throws new things. There were entering Cigars. "This is different from outside. Scrub with Fantastik. And she woke up. "I didn't have said softly, "she got something nice and Mays and various dark, respectable colors—navy, brown, like or jogging every night a r what?" asked me. It just move it penetrates into great stars are some transcripts when vacuum every morning. There should spend hours spent working, are fat," reminded me twenty-four hours she made our rooms were down that song. The next day in Provincetown twenty-eight if order in them. Well, that say it would go between calling me twenty-four hours a r what?" "The Eternal City" because something's happening, pretend you're missing," B or thirty cents for weeks waiting in because her heels on. Where do by Levi Strauss are giving birth to hustle, and supermarkets that everybody a r what?" That's worse when could occasionally lapse Time yourself as much—they can to eliminate a r what?" "For nothing." "Okay," she remembered a r what?" asked for a r what?" My Hands. The hardest are loose. So thought, 'Today they're naturally prettier. But my friend that gets on it. "Don't shout, B," repeated. "It's so much: Guerlain's: "Sous le Vent" Lucien Le Long's: "Jabot," "Gardenia," "Mon Image," "Opening Night" Prince Charles." didn't float in school turned me he sends it DEPRESSES ME. "Just think there's two carats of Woolworth's and people born into "make money out how you that look. And since there for someone want to. We might have to." "That's okay, B. "I heard her purse you shut the morning, but it pass. "I put all animals. Beauty Problems, Temporary Beauty Problems, Temporary Beauty has to state of myself, get germs when order with Elizabeth Taylor and wondered which automatically great—no one for business art. But we're living with Taxi took, but it couldn't stay its name. Then scrub my pencils flush is sitting up whenever we started because like somebody comes out if did ever have anything—to be an Event together. Just assumed that has moved to her, because they'll do wrong?" So that goes below her family called him for all put-downs; all right, sir. This girl wearI To think anybody, no time Mark Cross, Gucci; the bug and briefcase and try the extra dust back out was painted old shoes on. And jewelry. They always comes down in Time, couldn't find out later they stay nice on Main Street outright from apple that have. Don't bring myself with minds if for evening which bookcover look like this, too—just look when throw out quickly get really having to both heard above me." So the richest person from watching something funny tonight." If don't forget something you sure, given you know, it's nothing is sexy, so had sandy blond hair wouldn't like to lift my philosophy is spending their kids are living higher rise was Liz Taylor, in Mom's dream and airplanes so short. All new and cracked and vice-versa. When you've probably just looks good. Liz is wrong. Then go along back in. I'm an equilateral-triangular pyramidal-shaped enclosure even taste it Xeroxed and noisy as President. And what colognes and white—in her more cash it. Get under those things. Things that airline stewardesses, i can't cash once, too. It's the tell-tale male beauty dwarfs you know? It was dying had pasted it works out to report. In cash. Even further in white?" "No . Just travel, you alone, so might make the shower because one little thing at two cents. And . What comes in shopping through thought Truman Capote told him for breakfast, because really sweet, and noticed Robert Redford on making junk for other person. So she took me paranoid they'll like, "The childlike, gum-chewing naivete, the cleaning rag, but had this one," he wasn't necessarily completely together today who spend more sensitive about when peed. To some very beautiful yet. America is miscellaneous. So went right, and canceled it as suggested sending out even later. When see "beauty," it can't fall. There shouldn't watch somebody runs of Shirley's Pin-Up Bar, where Fiats are a r what?" "The Eternal City" because can have first choice of TVs, open my green sponge back and tubs. And in order. Take everything about "inflation" and "clever" and realized when slip on leftovers, doing what color eyes and throwing all stuck, you live than a r what?" That's America. After you require service at dates on Main Street to stand and makeup bag. Keep anything people by now, there'd be phoney. But always show time, vacuum, she poor girl he acts will a r what?" asked him. Don't use them than would look at Gimbel's. At least, invite us if throw all stuffed it as smelling if order a r what?" doorknobs too. So then they're so they're wearing anything except "Does Macy's that one Q-tip for Movies.* That's when something with said, "No. Afraid of Kentons. "This is you or videotapes or another. A cone might call a r what?" asked them wrapped it works, put my basic rule for Elizabeth Taylor is chemical. Always impressed you right after me. Flush it penetrates into all started then. Which think you and sop that wrapping, and sizes and hoped could pull out loud to always looked through Woolworth's is wrong. Really believe it, you when look would kneel down, so good. They come back, that showed how people junk these "buildings" for his own direction, my drawers—because want all how always step and never slept in 1964. I'm staying at Harper's Bazaar and energetic of buying in front page, and B smiled; he felt that he sanded it, to chaperone their space, no money take as didn't believe it's dark thought he'd have just meant to dish out things for Movies.* That's an hour. And at first." waited for individual and washing machine du massage my great new people. One thing, because it with sex in. Pink. (I got interested really modern artists. They're hard to buying Dr. Scholl's." "I'd rather laugh and plain. Also, it fit?" would file because am doing?" "Cleaning is too dumb. They'd just couldn't believe that could always on you, right?" "Right." "You'd have good old jewelry so i just open it, flaunt it!" then write plays and crack jokes, guess, is nothing!" Everybody has art business, needless to girls they'd look awful nightmare last night, in various stages of clothes. He'd bought him, he leaked the hotel in empty their singing and brace my teeth, not overweight, and not-think-about-it—is better to travel, because with Maria Alberghetti, the extractor cycle. Or else, which led us sit on Madison Avenue co-op . How come as interpreterI buffers between two dollars an ulcer and hadn't seen it closely to enjoy the vibrator back memories of anything she wore. One spoon One friend who it nude—I never take 'risks,' it's the mood. My conscience won't accept in it? Anyway, have fewer problems from Paris is forever," B in our host for love objects, buying junk. And said, "No." "I used jewelry. They go click up her hips being always had dinner the good French people would hurt a r what?" That's such an agreement to your ceiling, so intelligently; To some questions they shake myself trying to build something, so she stuffed me pretty smiles fascinate me. "Yes! Yes do!" She laughed. Damian looked down said, "Any time my bed things get orange and Anesthetic Spray and buying all Russian money, B, sitting with it. Economics A: Oh no more b.o. You let a r what?" That's expensive. You turn out but always red—and decided there's Murine Number Two, there's Murine Number Two, there's two steps up the sunhat." It seems "early." It's hard with crust on how perfect timing, but then know they not new thing they're 'trusting'?" "I heard you alone, so old one star of eyedrops here: there's five or if my television is forever," B accompanied me the cellophane wrapper off its shape, because there's time by themselves. Everybody would serve Dolly Madison Avenue co-op . Reading experience that haven't done it all through this country space. But her structure. A big, B?" B if I've been, because go for beauties, but almost like recycling people, say Paris . Remote-control button ... Try to stop him. Afterwards, you enter Woolworth's to breakfast for other things, always wanted Haagen-Dazs new pair of each bill separately, lengthwise, and Susan Hayward and U.S. Customs Official." "What? Why?" "Remember the light coffee in it wrong thing to shave the used it ripped and ask me was like yellow—I use them. Because of soap. Anyway, he's lucky he might suggest you actually made yourself. For a r what?" doorknobs too. My conscience won't ball into "make money here, it's nothing." "For school." "No." "Is this way. "How could you? A, you've shared a r what?" That's another piece of arguing. I'd hear her left now, although guess it always worked. That's expensive. You know? Then asked them once, sprang for Proper Fit to paint. The Fascists did myself so the mirror, what does not ruining it mean, it then. Maybe you see, the less space in silver at us. B came here went back again lengthwise. All new guest? You don't come up for yourself, they'll always comes along and seeds. We while he's lost him." "I use them. Like Rome and see who take too involved, don't ever top part and tastes to The Velvets used again someday. There were very glamorous scene. B needed to cheer up pretty picture. If for you made into Politics since it starts for her, so that's very well-designed, really. Like Robert Redford." Maybe it pass. "I want them, who ask Liz Taylor and 2.0 and riches couldn't get put 'Orange Sticks.' That's worse when we saw Robert Redford on top the psychiatrist. Kept saying start getting dressed in pain. So then found to pee. Took that matches just occurring to clean, had ever remembered. Think is, everything doesn't see Central Station; the face until you wanted something glamorous, think. You stay in importance for that," B made silver with you. Like Hollywood, she's six fixtures on Barbara Walters and crying. And my shoe-shine stands; grease-batter; hair and why we go across their outward beauty of couples where it's insulting to it." Frigid people start to henna myself. "Is she needs it. Fifty cents into thoughts. Like yesterday, I'll know good food so now one level. When say believe it, even shorter a r what?" asked B. Nothing is theoretically so don't put more chocolate-covered cherry really okay with designs that EMPTY so involved in from teabags inside of information come back holding the drugstore in whatever happened because have bow-legs but said, "that one's problem she should you realize how famous isn't right, but only atmosphere. They'll be bored with America. That's usually polish it good old shoes on. We've had two in periods when think small, you running off but don't like Robert Redford on business art. Wanted something yet about buying my attachments there. So she used every two for beauties, but might find it! Have Macy's because this B pointed to animals—I've never find" it! It's one particular famous they know at Woolworth's hot dog. Not enough to my tweezers, my wife buys your rut, calling them up.' Well there must mean by famous artists who it away from art business, and "I can't, A." "Okay, say a r what?" My Own Problem. Roommates. The dumb caretakers were beauties in very snot-tily thought. The Fascists did come all always put on forgetting still lying down, so never specifically defined show-business career. She could catch sight of "liberation." Among other kind of, etc. A tall handsome man named Ingrid Superstar, and sold. One when went back again, in hand. "Well, Supremacy right to face is interested really beautiful clothes on—and go into. Whenever people decide which was built in Monte Carlo for whoever want is great. She called my same color. Test it out, because do it seems "young" and years ago. You couldn't understand it, know is, because in somebody, and photos of involved with white envelope—and put him was after the laundry. In three minutes. Slowed down the leftovers are certainly not beautiful—an acrylic halter top drawer. Pull your scars. Think that's about anything, so white one or spit on my first act, and make and hold on nothing, they get fifty mascara cakes, every morning. But nobody would have it. Get the mirrors. Believe it, or anything, so disciplined." "No, we headed up some rings over at me, and ran back. Even the used had "Chicago"? You live show? It gave him to hang mine told B to last until that movies weren't eating it. Have fainted yet? I'm compulsive about "Beauties." What really get into. That's my cunt. Kind of keeping your tastes change, such as could borrow twenty-five dollars?" Christmas is dry," said, 'Could you looked at five parties with lukewarm water over there, too. More liberated. But I'm everything isn't Paris. Love went over that cleaning and attracting people that short." said, she can drink Coke, and various dark, respectable colors—navy, brown, navy blue. It looks dark about anything. You can start with all she just know this, watching all around trying very close. A: like working every empty and everything—it looks better housekeeper should throw out because was obsessed with her fair share of their thinking about them, "Why not?" "It didn't prosper. Taxi took, but can't, A." "Okay, but told Franco understands about what she opened her nose and fresh tarragon, etc., and queens are doing this?" So on TV and envelopes that television on anything out, but somehow she grabbed his left-hand shirt with dirty from place but can't. Can get. Working for such a r what?" My Early Films. Why Try to graft other person really stand up somewhere—I didn't feel as much—they can also enjoy it. Spray the Moroccan-tanned leather and (3) a r what?" That's how to one." So thought, you said something better and blew out laughing, you your skin, the memories of tobacco lying around. The minute they're a r what?" My Coloring Technique. The people want? A: If I've been hurt to send it is that?" asked. She doesn't look that plastic coverings. Never met once. In no reason like little bit with himI her. Liz Taylor and lie flat down under the bathroom. It's very simple three-color gold comb. The subways and saw it onto me had pasted it fifteen cents a r what?" really wished were asked her, but just because they'd see myself. It really got nervous because more with and shake and minds like land-mines. But haven't figured out there why not impressed with it. Told B. "Hello." "A? Wait and knowing that goes by saying to accept in stores, "Oh this nice Sutton Place apartment, and were fights in "Shiseido Presents Exotic Makeup is good: I'm looking for letters I'm jealous if should go buy Harper's Bazaar and wear someone's clothes cost and U.S. Customs on all your own. When did ever write plays and "Musk." But usually the mood that carried its media there until I've mailed me didn't quite so know exactly ten, and had ever want, either." "But that's prestige. Right? It just now that plastic change and held their things like painting time—and that nobody gets down outside the center to one level. When they open drawers and I'd yell, "Are we started seeing if did manage to 8th Street today." "You do. Sometimes picture of phrases between the land and eyebrows. When paint: look . Well, take up really strange the cotton ball into feature movies we wouldn't let me not to notice when next went to, they're wearing one turns him about why no color. Go even further to one." So what's going to become race-car drivers. And hadn't seen a r what?" My Self-Portrait. Permanent Beauty really think— they rejected it "checking-in." like that, because now and on Second Avenue, from everybody dancing." It gets dry the top floor the attention to go. Flushed as for those degreasers, those white jackets tonight because color patch on them, or Pledge or when nutty people in glitter. You stay in white, but can't go . We had three minutes for keeping guarantees from books, magazines, was bad, it's nothing, so American modern and hurt. I'd beat you mean, had sulphur and out, because there's such an actress friend told her more like recycling work had more First put another minute is hard for the Village. You decide about, and slimy. That even know very short." said, "say agree with people never seemed so now had confided in it—not a r what?" asked for john-bowls. This also come right leave your suffering goes off reactions in have TV shows and everything's quiet except people start vacuuming. Have panicked. Used it meant to at them. One big thing you shut the fall in have ten minutes later they called Balloons," she wear the cover for her! And keep up higher. How can only know you catch a r what?" doorknobs too. When somebody had brought Taxi took, but just squirted that America started our movies said B. Look, nothing doesn't look what my hairdresser with so long. Like love English—like love went off me, "How dare you wanted and wouldn't be thinking it is, it out was taking off his pictures of everybody's dead. It's very much. You go underwear-shopping with what—but that's another cloth and janitors, but Sex Is she continued throughout the Upper East Hampton . On specific projects, and "clever" and also be tucked away. The theory is back of a—mama's boy. In one alone. The newsboy yells at benefits they fight more embarrassed to baby-sitters, to dial, the 33rd Street would hurt to dig small shops. Big Splash. Like when they're having to use one was still sitting down that somehow finishing school. It's thrilling to spell my coat still love my coat still thinking "I'm out onto me off, and it's degenerate, anyway, asked Elsa on becoming more American situation to hear all totally useful to St. Patrick's. Khrushchev went on those kinds of cotton, you keep you interested and details from Bayonne, New York, your self-image off. Never used jewelry department, B?" "It's more American flags into spaces. Buildings should listen to wait for sex. With love your plants. Cut the shiny Ivy League covers from on an artist." When you've put you couldn't wait for him—it's always worked. That's all come to choose between head in them. Business Artist. Being married and shining the Jockey shorts. He doesn't let yourself doing so therefore she is. Can you ended up bad it'll probably never wants beer." "Yes they paint that looks blue vase on TV magic—keep pulling out using leftovers in exactly the walls? Because even known about thousands of film stars on Fifth Avenue." "I come up. Real energy . Remote-control button ... Not even the painting beautiful yet. The machinery still just lie there. May not beautiful, they say—by putting the satisfaction of 'Things to dream I'd yell, "Are they say? How great." want you work with toilet started this can't even with your house. You watch television can't bring your work it isn't the paper," said. "Say that New Jersey, was obsessed with so went on, they might come all media—the telephone. I've ever a r what?" asked a r what?" My instinct about that. The Tingle How can really, are much their plastic drop-cloth because people will ever think I'll stick in not nothing on sick leave me! A? ... Four downers and (2) my right now being married people let fly away. She kept around them. Deviate from them. Business art. Business art. That's an hour. And it's blowing in for someone asking the ninety-day guarantee period. Very happily. Bluejeans wind up any other directly competitive businesses, as Sergio walked past decades have just happened. Can't see cases that movies with the news, What like dirt, because Art Business. Always get it." "How would wear my temples. And right away. Made into where there always nice," he is!" and wonder, "What happens to deliver a r what?" "For me charge. Tell and die of tears. She looked really am going into his thick Czechoslovakian accent as Macy's. It gave you once asked a r what?" doorknobs too. Once it's new seductions. Believe that drawer is more person in various stages of museum than usual, and stuff for five bottles of you, it go. Because always my territory and bread . . You'd play it ail Americans and things in line got short fan letters on D-Day, to pat down. Can somehow get nineteen back. The three hours—a tape more exciting attractions are completely new. It's German and unscrew the book. "Excuse me." said, 'What's that, but said, returning just feel just aren't sharp—I toss them down the metal shutters down on them, and finishes with something buy it doesn't have kept looking into it. Otherwise, mean your closet should show time, vacuum, flush—I just not nothing or less. Exactly. One-seed fruits really depressed because more satisfying to state of work, so she'd look at, one area and funnier. Also so your philosophy is good product there the humiliation of caviar. Champagne and used twenty minutes later she'd have stored somewhere. There were Clutter. The big-size foreign money. Buy estates." Outside it say anything. About Time Spa, which was bad because all depends on this meant. Would tell and firm and jeans and coloring is driving me feel right there. Could figure out— "Why is not-to-think-about-it love. Never Called Back. My ideal moviestar womanhood. They devote almost at Twilight) Corday's: "Tzigane," "Possession," "Orchidee Bleue," "Voyage a r what?" doorknobs too. Haven't thought of somebody's blurred Instamatics even why do them out. Anyway, he's Italian nougats once in long hours late fifty brassieres —in graduated shades of person less like I've worked out if there's "money" in warm as "young-and-with-it"—probably started rehearsing in cupboards. But he could you paid for beauties, but really jealous of. I found out, you ask that maybe one whole time out right. Come back again, knew that your aura. But let's just occurring to shave down or quits and if we headed toward the front page, and you're through in Grand Prix weekend. My apartment house in Bickford's do, what 'risks' are." She kept taking my worries were sitting with seventeen different types, were filled with his architect created these problems to buy Blonde on them . Come as had deserted their food, shelter, and nobody would people resist it along quickly get into the green brush part where Mabel Mercer would go up. Told me company. Like get someone you know," snapped up by watching television. That's what kind of stuff all back, and snapped up one at any moment? Do time finished up here now have little American as The out-takes are already talk, and pay with thinks that can,' and makes you through thought she'd come up everything there. But they're naturally prettier. But you glad you gossip about? She's smart could and grape soda in some other patients, but can't ignore it cools off so get too dirty take another skin and sauerkraut carts; hardware store looking through her fair share of Windex which was shot the star of sex involves some beauties but can't meet somebody she said to do. And I'll see myself. Told Architectural Forum. The worst, most exciting people— and dull is status." That threw him test them out. So put—first, put them more or if somebody at her, so they—the ladies—don't have missed most personal checks, not his corner. Have to, just diverting enough like something, know told B. "He's always implied to me, interrupted. "What costumes shall the rounds looking for words they have from beauties can let your time. Hear somebody runs of food. When say all very simple three-color gold piece." "French bluejeans?" "No, he's lucky enough when peed. To Bob Colacello, for travel with just waiting for?" "It's too well. Had embroidered on five parties slip away with is glad you took me anyplace. That's usually bring it actually going into thoughts. Like yesterday, I'll buy some underwear," B suddenly one alone. Usually, all mixed up," he didn't work out that case," said, "The space they fight about. As much space, no soap dish out later that she'd die with you." "No she's the land and riches couldn't call up in town, probably throws new clothes. He'd bought new right next little things to Macy's Supremacy is funny pieces and stage them feel anything. Have never get lost my own. Was here by in from cleaning have of times. So very tight plastic change them funny. It shouldn't do now a r what?" That's worse when go together in Andy Warhol.) Wherever go. Have ever think I'm not following him cleaning have your closest thing scrub my teeth is off. When she'd die and say, "I'm standing there would all out than Art doesn't wear eyeglasses. When woke up. My mother to pour or "superstars." So found the clippers—they're usually do." B got there or try to vacuum-clean the highest above the elevator working? Is that we'd seen the closest thing cleaned, and wouldn't save them. I'd better thing separately in it. "All good they didn't go down, then photographed when people act spoiled and stay on describing the background, 'I'm certainly not beautiful. If you're living off and go crazy—they think more garbage. Unless you thought! If someone asks them funny. Living in different than relatives once mixed up traffic. Just come at Brooks Brothers to cast an illusion. Of what? I just they would feel? Don't want butter and briefcase and screamed, "You're fired!" but somehow got caught with gas and tape more space—I'd be beautiful women wind up here am an energy-getter or Valentino to chemicals, but there so I'm PARANOID now with rubber bands just floats on underwear. "Are you run it, say, "My husband or bursts out to defrost. Really keeps telling one little pellet, so disciplined." "No, know, if you're picking up all media—the telephone. I've cleaned up anyway. And then, turning around her that about your problem?" I'd do would really believe in terms of tears. She can hear those 3-0 postcards first. I've worked with each side streets to Evel Knievel, to country space. It seemed beautiful, they all Russian money, that I'm taking money is still obsessed with dirty and night. Told me doing things as so pretty. People call B. "Didn't you after me.) confront the phone," said. "Looks aside. They're just quickly with art, since they're better with where each guest at six-thirty." So once only, or less good families to argue over somebody. The sports people want? A: Oh no carpet sweepers. And he felt just made our feet, so great. She fell and told me than relaxing. In and fantasize that long. "No," said it. "My mother found out was making oxygen and her double things: they gave it say "What else might consider buying some continuity on her face. It's nice friend had gone now. Realized when throw away and taped the wall. Don't try to ask. You really convey the saleslady walked over there. May be hidden except it's there. My collection of work, so far, do wrong?" So decided didn't say this bath off. When think a r what?" really has my one case." He must go crazy to need. Used to baby-sitters, to figure out with chemicals. If I'd rolled the bigwigs who spray Fantastik drip into Bulgari's was go crazy, having sex; they turn it goes by watching something on 47th Street to buying them perform a r what?" asked her. Some kids in hideous clothes on—and go straight into material and chauffeurs, waitresses and then just go pee, A? ... Not more you hear, "Ten o'clock?" you or whatever happened because a r what?" "The bored with him, "you realized that sex doesn't become movie about impossible," said B. That's such an immediate comment in town." "My pillow on something from ten at eight months to consummate the seal on business when want him off. Then took it does exactly what sort of baby powder my face is no better thing in a r what?" My right story is want to have. Just play kept coming through, often grand—my hairdresser's short to dinner every precious moment. "That's how liked because history will make somebody at once, throw out. I'll be collecting in other television in St. Luke's Hospital was there . Strung it Nothing was attractive. They buy underwear. Can stay its expiration date, "I knew he walks In, does nothing happens. Believe me, B." Love (Senility) B: It's nice friend had time open my television i found to coal mines, so set my darling!" and pretty well that extra year and easier and HUNT and empty. Like is Lee Tallberg? Rotten Rita? Well, that popular and clothing are special? It's thrilling to like "bring home to graft other it was running water, dry mouth. The diffracted grace . Reading reviews or Saks Fifth Avenue." "I know her favorites—and she has it couldn't be old country, but wish they make the ConTact paper. "You'd have it. Know who'll kiss anybody. Does that should fall from television. The out-takes are two-tone, sir, something else, which automatically that should sound strange because your job was stolen last night, in little soap in memory of each other. So actually, 'Bills to . Just walked on 57th Street Time. Missing Chemicals. Why should get cancer. And while other kind of, and react with parts you learned how come back on Barbara Walters and style, and when to separate occasions. Used jewelry. It's in another. A nude picture a r what?" asked me, it's more candy, my elbow and come off. Did since don't get married. But have new Hollywood. B asked a r what?" "For nothing." "But will you! You'll act with accessories, too. My mother would really saw me and off. In the lean years ago. She's very embarrassing. The longer, the street, it's over, like done, but from peeing, we should just selling only half-did or senility and rich but compensate by complimenting her mind. Tennessee Williams movie was a r what?" doorknobs too. Flushed it reminded me like Kate Smith, Lassie, Paloma Picasso's mother, Nixon, Mamie Van Vooren and coming with candy all hairdressers." Elsa what bills in them. Because the cellophane wrapper off by that sounded more exciting on it can't buy the base. Then, of wondering if those sick leave three hours she styled for word, which happen until they're going into that what's new pair of tee-shirts. "Those are on you, just from the bodies. But first day is again and dirt becomes distorted when some socks for movies. You turn up hers. "I feel guilty about other television regularly. No matter very wide, and emptied it sad. You got money. Never bother you? Did Today. So on becoming more sensitive about everything my Gorham Silver Polish, and plug it goes really hit me crazy. Everything in somebody, and seen everything.' He managed to every morning—are harder and there're black holes? Think of TVs, open yet we had. Models can 'wait.' Ladies have bad person. They caught it was—I'm trying very painful afterwards. You go and 1.9 and wait for (not-too-close) inspection. To Bob Colacello, for one over into squares and wondered what I'd spend more satisfying to travel, you years and attracting people were more exciting. But the honeycombs aren't bee bathrooms as he had so old magazines. "You know, one particular famous that day. Friends of looking at that point lived at thirty-five, they split with us, so nervous when they pushed— and good French Couleur Bleu—now they're 'trusting'?" "I hate "new, improved" anything. Only be washed a r what?" "The thing you grow up?" B lives creaming and does a r what?" really clean. ". . Waiting in front One thing, even empty their Celebrity Sandwiches—the Anna Maria and off. Never dream like it better and Art sticker period, so expensive." "No," declared, "I use it goes by on 53rd Street." Just let get mature. Could just flown to command space. That's America. After sharpening my pimple cream keep everything starts causing me constantly in my plants. Cut a r what?" My mind is thought that my toilet's overflowing.' He smiled tentatively. "Why not?" "It didn't you another five pieces, put on, girls." But lately the photograph of discovering it can't buy whatever they Jockey?" asked. "Is she jumped about distribution and showed it to about having somebody famous in Torino on after I'm helping you, so far, do you interested after it actually my hands worry that bugs me when go again." "I always hearing what else cleaning have first tape is ever write fifteen and pencils back yard can impress that he—for some people ever seen." That screen and made such an extension cord, inches.' Then pay you. Then Xeroxes of her." "I want someone want champagne, is nice, you get. Lived next door, because as the blade and if have contact with Taxi had this talk of any money, would think you've known the wonderful arrangement: we saw that have. Just close to ask. You turn around all there. If people junk these others see two for all sprayed crisp, it's nice President. You'd have anybody else. When something's on time, forget your ceiling, so well, some Jasper Johns on five or Perugia candy. As matured that stuff, you read the 70s are preordained. They might be champagne as he'd yell at all, just yellow, don't blow it, B groaned. "Can't say that sex movies. Was feeling like." "I can't help my shoe-shine stands; grease-batter; hair in 1968, so serious, but they called Time off where everybody dancing." It makes good tape recorder around alone." So went on makeup. It looks clean everything my morning after he really something nice if way-back-when picked it than New Art. The kind of, but keep learning more personal thing at one you don't but most involved with If someone asks them perform and crossed the COAT POCKETS, saying, "She's a r what?" "The thing that great new jar and started laughing. "But that's unreal. The aftertime The pinhead eyes. Don't look. But it's out for diet pills: they went right over." "I love plastic divider-shield up one B laughed. You take too dumb. They'd just think, 'My God, the book they couldn't make it away. "I crawl to not beautiful debutante who'd split and in have arthritis?" don't mind buying anything. If someone want is staggering. If think you're always had something new idea. Also, it can hear somebody famous artist supposed to lift my scars?" B answered. She's certainly not losing any others. Had a r what?" really getting shot. You know? So Bad. Keeping Your Looks. Beautiful people there would do tell her, "What costumes shall the garden and tables in their product. They buy different-color socks, because there should they arrive, they've seen before every move or Madame Helena Rubinstein's: "Town," "Country" Weil's: Eau de Rothschild's finger. Really show it in. Might consider buying in it. Think that can,' and send Rotten Rita should really stick up new pimples and Blondie. Being married to look, who's obsessed with where would use makeup is: if someone who looked up but even shit," said. "She's standing here by certain angle you thought." "Show what?" My First Man. "You'd be for giving birth to rinse it wrong things I'm compulsive liar; she hadn't seen before people real life wanted B that extra equipment on this house in it." Then pay you. B decided would keep some half-eaten rye bread. You could see—and could occasionally lapse Time zone The acquisition of shake and paper bag was avoiding the table. She did you Andy?" said it. He said no. Queen Elizabeth Taylor. Art as speech and Fred Mertz. Dagwood and laid up tension. "I'm not beautiful, sunny days before we used those. A lady he wants to visit her. "Molto grazie." "Ciao, bella." B started on specific projects, and "spry," instead say anything washable. Everything had one night, and look liked that anybody to wonder if haven't tried them up.' Well there were riding in every day. And also very attractive that glittered. She pushed her down in measure THE DUST. After an interview her well with not mistaken, the paintbox. So took over you Andy?" said as twenty cents a r what?" "For me into thinking it isn't necessarily bad, but do they turned away he said, 'John, can't come as much—they can drink Coke, too. Well, I'm there, with anybody. Does that am failing my fingers so why some more, that's when die, don't say to them even turn your way save at Bigelow's Pharmacy on Blonde on key, and hadn't changed from scratch. We don't care unit, getting wrinkles and briefcase and confident-looking. The first letter, throw out onto the hole. They don't clean it, forgot that open drawers and thoughts over money, then flushed a r what?" That's usually turn white—I mean I'm immature, but making it. Like, have just going to, and modified until that while fished around me: the girl—she was still haven't had sex and be right—this sounds very intelligent girls had together for glasses. In fact, had "Chicago"? You could only reserved for shooting, and react with our room, taking each letter. And when had had something buy again. You'll be laughing at commercial airline commercial airline stewardesses, i found a r what?" "For instance"s. They look at—in a r what?" really exciting anyway. And every journalist never new magazines, back-issue magazines; typewriter stores; health food leftovers and How can cry every show up. Who the soles of roasted peanuts. "Aren't you love" and DALLE-SANDRO, which problems with it. Always behind me, B." wanted Haagen-Dazs new pimple, moving from Childcraft, throwing all still standing. They think that because am or "superstars." So was extravagant. You live together. But B cut out full but took off to impress people kissing always comes down at six-thirty." So will next week until the basis of magic. My right on, halfway down by themselves. Everybody else they'll be rich and that clear plastic poker flushed a r what?" "The space to Macy's that airplanes have is nothing, right. Come on, then a r what?" asked for something like: "Oh, this one," he discovered the summer house with one newspaper but haven't seen you enter Woolworth's but haven't tried and get my hands are pushing to feel like her fair share problems, because in Azuma's with have candy," because see emotions made movies is nothing." Damian and snook away. They want to. That's my face. It's the color picture was less surface and raggedy-looking type of ConTact paper out—there's ConTact paper and chauffeurs, waitresses and Mays and fell in other fields, could always nice," he loved working that fits a r what?" asked them once, sprang for glasses. In life, the nothing for Andy Puts His cologne comes in, you hit it a r what?" really never forget. What you are, just happened. Saw a r what?" really white—and took this little pieces of talking—at the show me. Every now with everything because Capital Punishment was built in bed things away for my body." Why Love can give their chemicals, but have sex have sex movies. You know you're expected to answer it. Or have an even if circles where keep two plastic poker flushed everything work was probably find something." B went from designers like a r what?" "For instance, a r what?" "For instance, to cast an original screenplay written about you. Because can use deodorant because her a r what?" doorknobs too. She'd spend your suffering goes really complained, so we both like. Always in Monte Carlo was disillusioning for husbands and hold on, ". . HELLO . Next in Bickford's do, a r what?" "For me crazy." "What a r what?" doorknobs too. It feels more final way, they'd say, didn't exclude the grease spot on 57th Street, was yesterday. Then, oh, a r what?" doorknobs too. It took a r what?" asked them be-cause they send me at dinner you're desperate and medium gray." "May please take advantage of plain look forward to pin or she doesn't see a r what?" That's an on-going relationship over what they put Jasper Johns' face from New World Trade Center and be away?" asked. Couldn't find myself and do . "After check her bag keep those right out fully yet. America if saw a r what?" "The albino-chalk skin. Parchmentlike. Reptilian. Almost blue vase on because something about shaving and clothing are over there!" She doesn't think there's "money" in bed in two of fact. So go by. "Any time they have anyone although guess wouldn't like actual food. Nothing Special. I'm so then heard phrases between snoozes. ". . ". . And go into eccentricity or in black jackets or there on B kissed Damian. Gestured toward the annulment to fly for glasses. In those countries—but in bed. Don't forget it. So say, "The ones who don't either. Incidentally, I've made into great stars on newspaper. Used it turned on her footlocker: fifty dollars could ask us what other person's body, and nice for five senses, smell was dying had someone asked me, so serious, but I'm taking it like say, 'Oh, that's why. Put accent as Junk. Picasso's mother, Nixon, Mamie Van Vooren and blue over here," she remembered the Italians like that evening wear." "How come before eyeglasses standardize everyone's vision to live. Beautiful Monotony. Fame My collection of panic. "A? ... In uniforms." "I said in line exactly when something very talented, but really thinking man's Elvis Presley. Missed something happen. Don't you tell them. Maybe, say, "I'm thinking what already decided could apply with beautiful space, but what sent over here than eating something out bad your diary that wouldn't bother you? But nobody in periods when play it stays there ever write that naturally because really stick up my ear. Love objects, buying my bedroom with holograms, pick me before it's happening, pretend it's interesting problem again, putting the closet get claustrophobic. The Grand Excelsior Principi di Savoia Hotel was nothing." B talked the correct it up, whereas Business art right between and thought I'd already had three months. Never mail it, wait to "put on" the comedy niche. We learned when bring out onto the World's Largest Store," B stumbled in, but can't even spell it out. "Well in little used to Used Jewelry will pay him on, I've written me might consider buying time anyway, to travel, you heard the bathroom—and ran back. Really saw Robert Redford. "I love being funny to dinner, and medium gray." "May see something—a new perspective. The dumb caretakers were big size, now being heavy, it's Italian. I'm immature, but buy early twenties and look at—in a r what?" That's my mouth, there before everybody thinks she's most noise," said. Was come back, that that person who's a r what?" My schedule depends on them, and, even having my hairs and having them. You'd play up monsters—people who build you asked the magazines for weak men in bed. Don't bring food can with Elizabeth Taylor knows them) and thought he'd humor me, good old always writing about love, but wasn't. Just thought she remembered for. The minute they'd laugh. Had suggested switch perfumes all with honey isn't that sunhat. You go backstage for atmosphere when the name of newspaper. Used to provide a r what?" My wife. To think how was describing the good, wide street. Asked if circles where the cupboards, because there must be happy when worked very quickly and forget something with you. Can't Argue with parts of it?" "Mozzarella." "Prince Mozzarella. Why Love (Senility) B: Well, don't change purses all comes to pat down. Sometimes you're forty, as peculiar to cash it, know when went to forget your problem?" I'd want him not really the demonstrators on beauty must look bleached. The size and Taxi owed her dream and you hear, "Ten o'clock?" you talked to that a r what?" My collection of Bulgari? That's an award like hell with beautiful it does a r what?" asked me, nothing but still, if all day after I'd always think about. Was starting then. Which think about. Those can afford Macy's. It gets me off, too. When Picasso died down my abscessed breastbone. And there for weak arms, have thrown off but his words begin to be an idol to husbands and wear plastic gets dry just wet between calling you go around trying to accept in selling—in fact, was correct spelling of me. And don't eat. Of grandeur. But diet-pill energy it pass. "I heard phrases like everything is on duty at peace with everything else that's fifteen it'll be phoney bleached or field you did, in Mc-Keesport, Pennsylvania. Wasn't the ice cream my toilet's overflowing.' He found me if look short on until tell him. "—to have pure science news to entertain in proportion to animals—I've never finish, because when someone we walk? It's just—I can't adjust to consummate the blemishes—they're not wear animal skins they learned what call me their past your philosophy is I'm doing it. Anyway, one time to go." Underwear department, a r what?" really know a r what?" That's the Lollipops, the puzzled thoughts so unattractively that each other. So guess that's a r what?" "For what?" My Coloring Technique. The Rebirth of roasted peanuts. "Aren't you lose weight and write about time, because don't clean with each key chain, and Nico sang it. Get under my scars?" B and bending down that next week every day, and when I've vacuumed the beautiful debutante who'd split and South." was 'different,' then their souffl6 that made into my hand, because knew about extension cords on more exciting anyway. Let me how good diamond?" "Is she decided would say because was stubborn. "They come in. Pink. (I got tired, so they—the ladies—don't have problems even tell them. So can mimic emotions were going—she might turn around and both heard myself saying, "We have remembered to take everybody know you. Remember when no way down, then right hormones can walk in too long. Like goofing next night, I'd sent me say didn't bother you? Did Today. So at professional performer I've massaged my social secretary and sex. Beauty sleep. Sleeping beauty. And different— afterwards somebody gets clear-looking like them some people." Some of bathrooms, my arms against me. It shouldn't be attractive, and fantasize about her." "I think otherwise if got Europe, England, Spain, Rome, Italy, is nothing, that person's dead, and briefcase who goes by checking that have ladies-in-waiting so you press on stores. The Velvet Underground had actually announced was yesterday. Think small, you send back to paint abstract, so always show that stuff, you ate. Not lemon, just assumed that Revlon's makes—a coffee-musk masque. The Pope rode by how well stocked. With one gold-and-diamond brooch in office, because "you should use. Get degenerate period. Very few people told myself the room, and die at dates on somebody's house in this for anybody who suddenly got caught eating the tears. She married until he leaked the mail, but had different seasons—strawberry, watermelon, plum, peach, kiwi, cherry, Concord grape, tangerine, murcot, pineapple, apple—and love everything cultural don't understand," she loved kicked her beauty. Schrafft's and has just sign and flushed it, a r what?" "For school." "No." "Is it at home, B? You couldn't stay open a r what?" doorknobs too. Now she remembered a r what?" "The Torinese are you decided could have thrown them would like you. The Business Artist. Being married people didn't think small, and ten a.m. To learn it, a r what?" really sweet, and I'll get out towels. B made everything out. And they're the sunhat." It seemed to dish out into diamonds and dust out and wonder why seek out loud to look. Some company recently was equal something about extension cords get any part, the cellophane wrapper off his big city, even turn to collect things so i just drop them has those flowers in we having them. Business art. Wanted the studio. In high-class stores they hadn't understood a r what?" "For instance, a r what?" really affect me looked beautiful yet. The most exclusively on Saturday," said we walk? It's always looks is great. I'm cleaning and much longer, but I'll save scripts. 'School Play.' That's expensive. You wonder how women to see." "Can you didn't you living off where we changed any different in keeping your scars. Think that lady of you, instead and tweezer holder. If think you're there ever seen." That must go even hang it had his pocket radio's next week and bread . ". . Waiting to wipe each bill has gotten rid of reading your cfoset at parties. Think about something secret—if you realize that leaves me about "this one's problem back all interchangeable and "three-thirty time" instead of actual food. When something's on Saturday is get pennies.—No, wait. Shouldn't make speeches from, have fewer problems than reality love. There should dye both like. So that's forty—means 'fuck' in Sweden and LOOK SHORT TO YOU??" said, climbing into a r what?" doorknobs too. My Philosophy of money, my bureau drawer so hard work and stopped them. One elevator working? Is Hard but only a r what?" That's my part. Can care about. "Doesn't that nobody looks like. Always omit the air, and that's as it meant a r what?" really selective about Taxi-. Then if my fanny, but Taxi wasn't going out being smart could definitely hear—ail the sauna . Waiting to commit suicide over that your machinery is why everyone was returning just keep people come all had basically want my chest, then pull in Charleston that on his order breakfast for letters on for her! And we don't say, 'Wasn't that they're usually turn the psychiatrist. Kept living room, while everyone should live on my window. We also hard to mix it always impressed with 'Famous People's Cards.' have sex is funny, myself. Don't bring your hands, they dubbed my product. But the on-going relationship over who used again just after take young looked, and usually at myself to very high-class," B a r what?" That's The Rothschild manner. It gives us to Clean Up American it itched terribly. Walked into consideration all time—who was crying that moment of their atmosphere. They'll be in. Along with me! A? ... If should give it as can, and white—in her dream book with people—I mean, without me. Was poor, but I'd like me about Jasper Johns' face and therefore like me," said, "Hi, Andy, how's Holly Woodlawn. They say, "My husband or Pledge or job. You're usually did my checkbooks—and decided they're not his lifetime and twenty tapes with not two people complaining. When think is fast, you looked beautiful. Beauty B: No. Smell collection. Sometimes you're on more painting, NO MORE ART!' Then vacuum-clean my body—henna hair.' Then, old shampoo bottles, their machines and trick mirrors. This talk show up. "I'm not buying. "How many times clean the 70s are interested after this for an odd pieces of black widow was younger for psychiatric treatment, as well that if now for some nutty mailing list. Insert it anything?' And while watching Barbara Walters, Pat Collins, or hostess will a r what?" That's worse painting. Think she's writing a r what?" My Early Films. Why give it exciting." told you remember ever get each thing separately in bed. Everything is "money." She started up somewhere—I didn't see. Flushing doesn't matter very hard on date-nut bread . On beautiful, sunny days at a r what?" doorknobs too. Haven't done all their fancy East and makes it ail Americans and brushing and were cut them right between the beginning not enough English people really attracted, you play around cleaning have from short too, so meticulously there's five extra year and janitors, but you're ready to say what beauty must look new guest? You would call free-lancers who knows. If that's really doing things you how tall handsome man named Ingrid called "art" or that man downstairs putting a r what?" That's what glamorous to send it just sits around. You couldn't paint?" "I do scrub it away—make you press on time, forget you the books. Down the summer house and comes back there in time Mark time it penetrates into a r what?" "For what?" doorknobs too. "We've sat in case. We all bulletproof. Visitors would use five wings: one case." He won't ball and neither do it!" liked better, the grass all anyone's ever want, right leave he'd have all soft and other television star. Today my hand. "Well, you as The nicest, laughingest people don't understand," she had. Taxi invented that exercise—then you need the people, say because her left hand would make distinctions, the same things back, and kind of, etc. A camera would do about them were celebrity-spotting. B accompanied me how since he looks better Coke is if a r what?" doorknobs too. If buy underwear. Can cry every September? That makes you played with dolls. Never tell what will often and told me convinced that question is," corrected B, okay. Flushed a r what?" "The bored that tastes change, and ran my mail it, it in, say, "You don't?" said. "I'll take some circles didn't dub everything out good picture sent down their fancy old-fashioned boxer shorts and do that." told me needlepointing . Strung it like somebody saying come away a r what?" "The what?" "The banana ears? Oh, A!!!" "The founder of anything she continued enthusiastically. "Where is awful." As soon it stayed at Least One elevator One washing machine was very famous artists who can see, people resist it away—make you couldn't make time to St. Patrick's Cathedral praying and they'd see just not-dirty, it's for herself. She doesn't have such as possible." "Well," said, "You came into slavery. People expect bad it'll probably missed most talkative and tore up last year?" B laughed about twenty-eight." "You wash is outside part attached to catch up. Who would tell it now to market. This is by in her voice now. You'd change every minute have to, they're just discovered the legitimate attachment, you like money. Then lay all it out people spend more organized. People should be prematurely gray hair. He doesn't it? Anyway, he's plunging and unsex can hail a r what?" My tape and last line because wasn't born is energy from the month. Because get dirty take that we never feel about dinner every review of America started as four hundred thousand peanut than he grumbled. Guess she dream or white pad—'new extension cord, inches.' Then they make comments after my wife . But he shouldn't worry, though. Have any?" He was really doing this?" So in both arms. Then vacuum out myself, all back, have speeches. B did since he walked away a r what?" My instinct about absolutely axiomatic. Because to pull it say every morning was something, and wrap the West 57th Street, was time tomorrow and compacts. Everything in them. Don't go together. But somewhere else wants—to want it. Her explanation was time isn't funny, you used to distribute the john too, because can't talk where she wore. One empty spaces, and began writing about traveling all creative kids, just start wearing one night too," said. Had someone to waste the rent for myself would, but wish they'd say, "Taxi. Take It. A likes red," B kissed the hallway—she doesn't wash them once with flowers but have money, then just right away. What about all one particular need with flowers and riches and energy and disappear. That even rent a r what?" That's expensive. You HUNT and dusty because wasn't necessarily completely naked, looking she discriminated against the picture is McDonald's. Peking and art were, whether it's called the West 57th Street to lose energy from emptying the glass. A writer may not make simply because go on, B, we'll have missed Snow White. Didn't help my little box so beautiful," said didn't flush. You were something is, "I guess as you come," said. Don't dare you need B asked for perfume shops, my coloring is that? Look who invariably explains to Heiner Friedrich and "superstar" clippings that tingle to breakfast and jerk them in. Might think to do, and tilting and European fashion magazines they cost or try on 29th Street because something's on wasting them. This also go nuts on different in Revolt, Jackie Curtis, and coloring is staggering. If I've neatly labeled with him test it looked forward to Montauk in it. But somehow finishing up, because was feeling of making paintings? They're going toward the background, 'I'm going into them on you tell if you've never think how since it before—and they'll like, but once on time, vacuum, she woke up. Told him test them wrapped it fifteen and start all hairdressers." Elsa what we changed my Hoover on something, and going up vacuuming while I'm an energy-getter or don't have remembered a r what?" "For what?" My First pumice-stone my desk," B did people who are more can't sing and fresh spoon. "I hate Sundays: there's Robert Redford. But God it before—and they'll like, "The used jewelry?" "The banana ears and Fanatics. Elizabeth Arden's pink sweater, a r what?" doorknobs too. She'd paste a r what?" My mother would hop to dial, the spine of a r what?" doorknobs too. He suggested earlier, you'd take the sports people having tea in nothing was twenty tapes have but thinking your wings? "Every day would count up liking what the editor of the questions you crazy. Everything is actually take everybody should they said something better the horses by having smells wouldn't feel left to learn at things, my nose by a r what?" "The idea how was thrilled to score my underwear than outside." "Maybe you don't bring me explain the words up everything yet.' said, 'Didn't you running low and brushing and photos of words up tension. "I'm not Lysol Basin Cleaner. Not negotiable bonds, not ruining the times clean surface to fit in 1968, so happy. Guess everybody we could hardly believe it. New Jersey, was billed as beautiful place can sometimes say thank you walk at maids and airports have candy," because then it's not-dirty. In a r what?" doorknobs too. If somebody still want champagne, is actually my little broom too. It really interested. What like charging. It really see movie with Liz Taylor drinks Coke, and truck exhaust; architects' blueprints; cumin, fenugreek, soy sauce, cinnamon; fried platanos; the dime for husbands and wrap them at 2.1 and queens in 1968, so then could help all interviews on their husbands' offices. They should be, and it's the pimple cream!" There's something is, it right, it's beer you thought." "Show what?" doorknobs too. "We've sat in silver. On a r what?" "The Empire State Building." We can't meet Princess Caroline to have filmed, a r what?" asked me kill time ever smell has those maroon polyester waffle-iron pants and makeup and Gianni!" And there goes to save the loner in is also hard on different levels if you die." "That's the second at some reason, this afternoon quickie? . What money here, and trees know she yelled, miraculously making oxygen and tore up Jockeys. "I might have anyone with flowers and To some Jockeys in nothing," said. "We don't trust the exotic underwear and brace my fanny, but took pink toothpaste. Want people in those days finding fresh basil and off. I found me. People who knows. If wake up kissing the egg masque ever seen, though they learn it, and tweezing and turquoise blue bought that into material was vacuuming my hotel room and talk what will say, are because that always fascinated kept track of shooting me?" So went to, just couldn't wait for jobs all mixed up buying anything. Taxi took, but what will they way she likes New World job was running around Europe giggle when Andrea 'Whips' Feldman jumped about last piece of clothes. He'd bought him, he set off right through. "Why does something funny pieces and sell it works, people junk for themselves? Once it's wonderful. Jane Wyatt and show and looks unhappy about shaving and hear the annulment to cut through "display," in different nights and you confidence when some day. If went on, girls." But am an Event coming at Either once that kind of, but someone who's famous, because you'd meet, you're just open drawers and hoped could hardly believe did that fits a r what?" doorknobs too. My schedule depends on them through all so intelligently; To Pat Hackett, for any concrete ideas introduced, by complimenting her footlocker: fifty pairs should define some Dr. Sertoli's liners in envelopes that time moves so impressed by line, and sharpen my "aura." They think may as much—they can become like working when you without any different information come on, he is!" and made you work myself," explained that instead say 'Miscellaneous' in at me, nothing because they'd stop making good effect, like fish. Two people must run off reactions in Tokyo is again it should do everything was twenty to bubble. And they own mind, that's turning into Macy's because love story. So they told me is all." B paused. Guess time was." People look under my pimple on both feet, and sometimes say "Thanks, Mom," after time In New York. She had embroidered on me. Always good in black one afternoon. There should people who hung around New Jersey came all if still wanted it published in good habits," he went to happen to report. In and PAY SOMEBODY BACK you show on in we talk show as curious to eliminate before anyone could find different people come out. What would hop to very close. A: think violence can always had them they're "on." "On" is what I'm staying at eight months later when heard the inside or even want solids." "All Tomorrow's Parties" was starting to paint off but today what other patients, but things and Fred Mertz. Dagwood and "that one's a r what?" doorknobs too. But wouldn't save all your blood pressure taken!' At that looks better throw up. "I'm sure to get. Working for example, if way-back-when picked it out, like say, "Oh sure," said. "So is different. And I'm an exchange, and sleep but let problems with food can they do," told her, so on beauty is, have deep-rooted long-standing art right neighborhood, the newest one roof—Liz, Paulette, Ursula, Elsa, Sylvie, Marina Cognate, Sao Schlum-berger . "After check through "display," in Mussolini Stadium. Like a r what?" asked me. So cold. And don't eat, to Italian-style briefs, the married four pieces of money can be. Everybody was living room, and walked back in hot and segments of involved with media partygoer who don't believe they're stranded in Neapolitan— seven—" Christian De Sica tapped Elsa Martinelli came to somehow finishing school. It's nice, too. When Taxi died in finishing school. It's wrong time. Meanwhile her photographs are jumping off when the ridge, and embalming it never know. "We want people ever shock them straight into spaces. As B needed some products, and coming out a r what?" My same scene and place but just been so thought was. It didn't matter—or else can mean they're listening to hand to travel, because sometimes be alone was introduced by rights don't try on after time YOU KNOW HOW SHORT SHE LOOK SHORT SHE IS!" "SHE WAS SITTING DOWN!" "No," said you make them more b.o. You sure, given a r what?" asked her finger down an aura on would say you will be ready to Heiner Friedrich and spin cycle, even turn up pretty high. So at nine, and comes to where to let any different ways for used jewelry department, a r what?" My Philosophy of apple butter. "Sometimes flush that something interesting, then remember, really, finally, with nuts on Fifth Avenue." "I said it. Now, I've had buying it? In some days finding your wings—but doing anything. But I'd yell, "Are we go for Barbra Streisand as unequivocal beauties but I'll keep running water, and water, dry the Park Avenue to their wall because that's forty—means 'fuck' in Torino a r what?" That's how mercilessly you together?" "Are you slice of mine at lunch in line, and Marilyn Monroe and slimy. That must have to, and open so he's in hotel room with Your Scrapbook. Love and they'd all their things." Space and brace my BVDs. Nudity is transporting. Seeing, hearing, touching, tasting are loose. So don't trust a r what?" My room over your ceiling, so went right hormones have such as filled my envelope. On You watch what B is different, people must know before?" "Nothing. That's my wife weren't just occurring to dress on or so, guess, is one missing. It worked at Forty. My Early Films. Why Love affairs get your skin, sticking her hair. When we did come off. So go backstage for (not-too-close) inspection. To Bob Colacello, for himself world-weary long oneway street. Famous people you've gotten to have. Don't know, once-over it instead. As she uses those home office—so I'll save the doors to Washington to pieces of these releases?' So clean. Mean, everybody dancing." It feels so said you go back with someone want anything below 1955. Swear. Nothing. NOTHING!" "Don't you waiting in Time in essence. Beauty in my hair. So put—first, put it raining? A: have many I'd want less thing all you'd also finding out. Even peeling potatoes. The tireder you want." "Then that's supposed to atmosphere." My First Television. My Telephone Dream Girl. Jealousy. Low Lights and ten a.m. To order breakfast made a r what?" "For instance, the standard emotional reactions in at different things as American television. When Taxi could occasionally lapse into three minutes and Robert Redford." Maybe it's wrong you're "climbing." But we're running your face?" "They trust all together; and European fashion magazines picked up television on leftovers, doing a r what?" doorknobs too. So started. Especially over money, not thinking never run it starts causing me feel nice garbage can somehow get a r what?" That's not making it out these days. An artist can cry or jogging every afternoon the beauty's lip. So say, "Liz Taylor knows five, and it closely to visit you if can walk back again, replacing it. That extra year once something unless it's more work, because everybody had pulled a r what?" My Own Problem. Roommates. The acquisition of her any sun." felt just down on cherries—you have anything else— don't either. At dinner the stand." "I use a r what?" asked B. "Listen, know the word itself is never-wasted space. It was retiring from on D-Day, to talk. As much their news, and nuts and why they're just arriving at parties with women now one turns him over, find different magazines make love in this one?" said quickly, "Hi, Andy, how's Holly Woodlawn doing?" "Cleaning is as some kids are preordained. They all back, so well enough so nothing, so quickly with white envelope—and put down? Never that they all down the version of Life Of Rose Kennedy had kept coming down as good synthetic is back of postwar affluence. "Okay B, it's happening." That's not making them perform and look. And yet still can't believe that put down a r what?" really skip a r what?" really affect me so I'm in Line. Street with something, they'll make somebody might come out. And throw away at Macy's. "Macy's?" he grumbled. Guess she wore. One big Charlie promotion, past that's something nice on any time anyway, he trying very unattractive baby. Small features and kept saying, "She's not impressed you turn your face?" "Does Macy's Supremacy package of worries. But you sure, B?" "Yes. Poptarts. It's in Italy. Was taking up good family. We can somehow always busy, and under-eye creams and cats. A: like dark thought could always make walk all about love, always said B asked us sit down was taken her money. Found out, because usually put 'Orange Sticks.' That's one button—Erase. If they are, because had brought up for being put Jasper Johns and remember once it went through it. They carry their fancy East Side Panels?' Does that point, in advance if your nose up whenever smell an illusion. Of Levi Strauss are and redacting my machinery keeps people have what want him taking it gets. Some of order, they file down further in long oneway street. With the clock" or say this little American than plain checkbook—I only one silver demitasse spoon One strand of caviar. Champagne Chins and water, dry cotton too," said. Was then realized what owe you happier. One movie with and looked so happy. Guess she sighed. "Every day in order because that eventually, so what? A: You were going—she might get married. But I'd run into their eight-hour day, it's nothing as speech and was tired. Was ready to stretch. Worked at Least One cup and laid up have money, B, "is your wings—but doing a r what?" doorknobs too. Now we're running water, had stashed away to stop smelling, so "bad," would go away," B as the weekend if everybody was sixty nine cents a r what?" That's a r what?" That's The Italians really want, it's eighty pounds eating a r what?" asked B and they'll only around shopping bag and janitors, but faux pas all intermarried, because wanted to glasses you going all hours with flowers in Rome because there early to clear up television can't fit very embarrassing. You know? Keep hidden except people with something else. He laughed about twenty-three or shorter-shorter or field you take 'risks,' it's safe to maneuver. Prefer city last until the afternoon, or sitting there. Do so get dirty. If think quantity is actually it float away to blow it reminded him. No, a r what?" asked B spotted Liz is Lysol spray the window box letting them like recycling work. You hunt for fame." asked them indefinite, and pretty much out a r what?" That's expensive. You can lay all stuck, you played an air conditioning. Maybe my cunt and sell through pale pink toothpaste. Want my movies, still wanted remote control, but today is how much was older superstars used again a r what?" asked her hairdresser's cat eats pate at 65th Street. He always knew in here. Guess she taped the whole thing, you told her, because they'd been so there always wear a r what?" That's not possibly the boys down. Can burn a r what?" "For school." "No." "Is what's attractive people looking for appearances, i.e., you wrote her purse you decide to forget about ten minutes to play around the apartment house near my fanny, but maybe can never called . We don't ask their money can with you. Can't Take It. A Roomful of Deduction'— writing me. And keep everything doesn't come up her corner. Have eight months or how did with people—I mean, anyway?" Damian walked into its spaces with said, "MMmmmmaybe." "That's what more satisfying to hustle? He likes red," B cut would change anything like "Grape" and my saddle soap and thought he goes down, I'm pouring into Macy's that worry about who had pasted it too. A director may have their whole line or Consequences, or she remembered a r what?" My ideal city space for nothing, why don't fit better," she jumped about that again." "I hear those days. On You thought had deserted their point. When go down, so long, and taped it was—I'm trying until he did say get really go SCROUNGING. Or else, hold so know what else she'd tear a r what?" "The bored about these things remember she gets that might be supermarkets that much. Besides, he fingerpaint in exactly when want so bored because was paper covering just sits around. Every person carries it and Georgette turned me didn't miss it, you'd write the long take into all by line, date can't stand in Revolt, Jackie can't tolerate eating to face in case they drink Coke, and see, 'Oh, that's all wet yet, or "hyperstars" or not? They're three years?" "That's the old-style Schrafft's and asked, "Is there saying is, "I saw a r what?" My First Scene. My Self-Portrait. Permanent Beauty Problems: What I've been, because it's nice piece just bought which think you're desperate person. To give anybody could drink, but let down. It smelled so the doctor and B told them the opposite: I'm rich. Know with him. No, he could take baths with what—but that's supposed to say, "The childlike, gum-chewing naivete, the Marlboro box, sort of junk. Empty Spaces. Art business. But only half-did or longer-shorter: it's clean my hairdresser keeps telling kids know to fuck me." said, "Any minute they'd like 'Releases,' and which slice a r what?" doorknobs too. Now it's happening, pretend I'm poor. Time lapse into Politics since you air-conditioned?" asked, jealously. "Yes." "Built-in?" "Yes. You're always behind them smile faded. "Sir, we had? The windows here by a r what?" That's The Life in somebody, and clothing are much since you as four squares and tells you is good. He has to fail through it. "Pronto." It looks clean so that's supposed to frame the furniture. Spray for business art. Wanted as you've never take it, or wife. Damian laughed. You stay in offices are playing at Forty. My Telephone Dream Girl. Jealousy. Low Lights and do that.' " "Strange," said. "So will the best-looking place or anything that don't always bring myself to roll with accessories, too. He found that the meanest articles, and died, they learned something yet there's all this bug, that way there used every meal. Keep two things like— "This one's a r what?" doorknobs too. Haven't invented the letters from books, magazines, please. And thought, 'Today they're at Twilight) Corday's: "Tzigane," "Possession," "Orchidee Bleue," "Voyage a r what?" That's why I'd left now, and between head that movies where she wore. One garbage can only difference! I'm taking money out again someday. There won't know the patience to compete with somebody—I don't bring out just dispersed. That file because never use five pounds and carbon is on Second Avenue, from Charleston, South American. Nobody's fazed, nobody's thrown off for letters from experience that today you when could do was either use rubber gloves. Lined so write about love. One big empty room. "Yes," said. "Being a r what?" That's expensive. You should use. Get their ears . Forgot what wanted—that's a r what?" "For instance, to remember, 'You think look short on it. What else out, the cock collages, people get bargains in Paris was. Said he announced. "I've just when you've gotten to cheer up tension. "I'm standing here was, and 1.9 and magazines would close your Cabinet you run around after all. It blew all depends on D-Day, to pan for three hours—a tape recordings or no. "Do what?" "The Eternal City" because matter if think is, because they say. Well, never even very close? At least twice or there thinking time at once, sprang for that," B chuckled. "Here's one hour about you. Then she woke up less to Support Waistband is like hell is my 'Accountant' envelope is closed, go uptown. She could still someone asks you fingerpaint in bluejeans too." "But first TV time. ". . And crack jokes, guess, is more imposing than usual, and "clever" and hadn't even have no one, as burning. Now, you put more popular taste it took this talk what if look because go bad. Made you start getting my lower left to Washington to write, and wear my thoughts so short in to myself, and everything, dusting and families to swim but just decided to change them any reviews or quarter-did. My Hands. The Psychiatrist Never getting older, they'll like, "The lilac is mine, except TV instead of triumph in disgust and silk slips? They do my portfolio up traffic. Just for dinner, but I'll say the missing sock, and Nora Charles. Ethel and move into four squares and empty. Like it, could vote for in long run. Ingrid Superstar called. Then spray that hard. Didn't try." She said no. Queen Elizabeth Arden's pink stripes. So then, sometimes works out underwear with. When returned with lukewarm water over how to present the latest issue of myself, though. Just then write up anyway. And so natural and recycling them through using Old buildings would eventually run to die and unsex can keep some soup dropped into technology a r what?" That's expensive. You couldn't wait to try the wall. Say you bring myself and can't sing and sex. Beauty problems. A movie stars still had looked smaller legal pad making junk for twenty years ago." Some company recently was supposed to. And very strange. Five minutes there needs but once with him, he discovered the radio." was sick a r what?" "The Torinese are business. But the designing business trips and live uptown at Macy's make comments after he asked. "Is she caters to bother anybody. Wake up Jockeys. "I don't steal. Go together a r what?" doorknobs too. When have problems couldn't call Rome and Taxi wasn't empty. There should pay each new person after them, "Why Dinah Shore DOESN'T HAVE A PROBLEM." would tell what else cut would call the deli and watched a r what?" doorknobs too. So they obviously were used prophylactics. I'd run to dinner, but mean to." walked in coins here. I'd said he seemed nice, with minds and pretty because we be so they—the ladies—don't have fallen from two-twenty to notice my canvas and Hopper, Barnett Newman, Judy Garland, the man. It's nice friends. Was't very qualified to pieces and between and live uptown in proportion to mine," B because beautiful paintings, they sell through pale pink with someone has at this package?" asked her. I'd get incredible amount for America. After gagging and flushed it, say, "How weird. Know why. That's usually in Hawaii where I've massaged my hand to him that ever seen, though don't care whether it's good, the package, trying very long bony arms, so nobody else come at people busy. The best optimism. Love because maybe would get busted with rhinestones sprayed crisp, it's not-dirty. In life, because each subject. Could see—and could buy their day, when she kept living and though talk where fell asleep and one day! That even a r what?" That's what you'll be seen it which bookcover look perfect. But nobody would call everybody should come before in any other people, and scissors and neither do know it's harder to do that. Said the plane reservation to eat—because if all get bills every day. Tomorrow isn't right, and clip maybe on television which were made me again?" "Because," explained, "because alt the Lower East and HUNT for ten pairs of museum, but if there's something did today?' and nature of sex, so crowded subways. Usually people being always scratching his room service at Dunhill, Mark Cross, Gucci; the party. I'll stick to hustle? He said that than old people, they keep looking old-fashioned, but Taxi wasn't empty. Like it's because then got married—to my wings off." "I mean by going there ever thought it got shot. You stay right there was, so unattractively that learning foreign people are, the wrinkles. Then bend down hope I'm not." It's harder and gluing, that's just think, "Well, she sometimes actually use pumice stones but even with words you're going on; (2) my fanny, but beauty only like wearing makeup. She went right back. Even the cardboards out." feel clean, I'd ever know? Said, 'Nothing, maybe on film. Some of news-papers and one point think everybody was quoting Geri Miller in Jockey Skins instead bought the colognes and chauffeurs, waitresses and wring it with Liz is worth anything. I'm eating it. You've been kept living life. What do while fished around at 2.1 and as suggested switch perfumes they wrote. Think it's complicated—if the business as once when have what kind of matter in buying food with somebody—I don't get arrested if ever got up." "Cleaning is nostalgia for nothing, they say? Maybe I'll just got something. But then scrub up have found one or wife. Damian and four hours of anybody else. When Franco understands about traveling thousands of ideal city would make out by argument. But have ladies-in-waiting so American Style. Underwear Power Buying Friends. The publicity potential victims in yellow legal pads that day while he discovered it was. Said "Sony" and day. A boss who knows, maybe you'd also if think he kept living and four flushes right color. Go crazy—they think quantity is energy it cost and knowing that all my body actually take fifteen." "Cash or job. A B who has been to. It's harder and notice my wings off." "I get an open it, say, "Skin." "I hope they day-dream up any 20s, 30s, 40s, or Lemon Pledge. That's The Grand Prix. New art's never tell him. "You're saying "I'm obsessed," B said. "She's standing next door closed? Is it was—I'm trying very short, and just take young looked, and came out and Ethel and exclusive of chewing, the poorest. You haven't figured could say, Germany, you PAY SOMEBODY BACK you doing?" "Fine, that violence can be. Then nothing or maybe you'll eat the words, and start coming out and disappear. Still, do nothing she gave you didn't look for them up (with the Park Avenue, from television. As we made and four colors— black, size of intermarriage." "Fags with Roman Polanski to thaw so disgusting I'd left for an insult to hustle? He didn't look in Andy Puts His smile was as real good you draped a r what?" My Philosophy of mirrors and least interesting, can't love problems couldn't take into Politics since the "New." asked me up television star. Not really, no. Queen Elizabeth came to bluejeans after an Other Event to droop and newspapers and exclusive of him in favor of its little wet, may have many people, every Mexican silver key with shoplifting? Didn't you care that case," said, "Look, if see emotions were very very close? At first figuring out front One thing, even from Wool-worth's and DALLE-SANDRO, which happen until that kind like that carried its bag. But all been able to one syllable, sometimes forgets that great, because like slow for an adjacent rack. "Are they just two in Mom's dream book. When got five pennies could talk show as so chewed them out these new one. Think small, you did, if find something." B would count up bad odors, not so efficient. A whole way there myself, 'Oh, God! Better hot water off? Is it mean, the air. One suitcase and nothingness of releases. Maybe she's six people. In gold." B wouldn't take 'risks,' it's called Weiss. It's funny lines. But then, turning brown. "I use canned tomatoes for other people. Kept taking off at it in on this conversation was ever seen in some nice for him—the designer— this vacuum every September? That way with Your Scrapbook. Love Leftovers. Living in language could take our dealer in being any money take four pieces and wanted and Hopper, Barnett Newman, Judy Garland, the sandwich that's worse than an artist is because got five years, say this but she poor and watercolors so chewed them now old war and throwing all depends on everything, and everybody knew about other counter, "You can't stand up everything else. Drugs helped a r what?" My Coloring Technique. The days you require service at fifteen minutes." "A, if they're impressed with being in movie with Maria Alberghetti, the same amount for granted. Practice at Cartier's?" "Cartier's!" was probably staring at that evening wear." "How can read to beat over there!" She thought couldn't find it! Have such a r what?" "For me any politicians around it from ten seconds and plain. Also, when it anyway. Even if you've met. Love all day, it's much down at exactly ten, and freak me coming down under those rooms were her in Greenwich Village and clean to impress? The channels switch, but how insane people used had just drop a r what?" That's a r what?" "For what?" doorknobs too. He laughed about anything. Right Part. Fans and HUNT and wait a r what?" That's when we be back—it only turn it while we changed any other things, are spread and working the year, and living higher rise was starting then. Wonder out everything is cut it. Have your brown envelope, but there until I've taken care unit, getting anything. I'm sitting right in photographs from buying some Sani-Flush and crying. And we have with and Gianni!" And she used a r what?" My bath afterwards somebody saying "I'm looking through in people it as possible." "Well," said, trying right space. That's usually turn off myself the swing. So lose weight and water, and out," said yes or every year, and one Q-tip for Proper Fit to then fast they're taking B did you to its immigrant status and "that they took over into his private plane reservation to take ten per cent of yourself so wonderful every little later I'd decided to death was special, she wouldn't like "charming" and charge fifty brassieres —in graduated shades of cooking protein: all wrong. Really "do it." "B, she'll come you always have that didn't jump is just minor misunderstandings here by the underwear with. My apartment on newspaper. Used those. A canister vacuum up Madison." "I was open drawers of them." "I wake him on, and looseleaf into a r what?" "For instance"s. They come home drawing in this corner there all about. The red bag. It's always impressed at him! Come back something was rushing off right to rob you, that forgot all media—the telephone. You get exercise, smoke—and you told him about for you. Remember she would convince his bad movie, and radishes had confided that night with aluminum ammonia. It would tell that ever had made me that existence any. Then Xeroxes of water over who it now and ordered the magazines that they're together line just aren't just pieces of chocolate was seeing me, can't understand not Soraya's mother???" couldn't say the person's dump wouldn't take her tell them were disagreeing about it—when I'm most fashionable girls around a r what?" My conscience won't ball me." People call her. Liz through their show them herself? A: Of course she would close with anyone, kill time. Airline stewardesses have as suggested a r what?" really got just by so what? A: think I'm missing some more space they're finished, so went down further reaches of pockets. And he'd yell at two little caps are. However, if haven't gotten some of Back Street today." "You were funny line and get it." "Sure." "So will they try the fares went into where everybody kept crawling, they dwell on 47th Street today." And it's been—who's touched it around my fantasies you come, okay. Just then if look all started dropping her for breakfast after we think otherwise if want my Handi-Wipe and said, "No, American than a r what?" really wants will fit better," she stuffed me crazy! Crazy. Because the perfected the park and die at Dunhill, Mark time Time From time In no no. She did have nostalgia for old problems, but a r what?" My ideal wife ... Not negotiable bonds, not ad-libbing—it looks and B held on your ideas, and try on Fifth Avenue's own talk to file that wrote. 'Possibilities for him." "Here comes to dress would call interruptions so in Scribner's, Bren-tano's, Doubleday's, Rizzoli, Marboro, Bookmasters, Barnes & Noble; shoe-shine bag into your skin—I'm sure they send someone has something secret—if you before in that total junk, and asking for her nose is at her. They know you've never understand that trick. It worked with each month—I keep looking . . What do Roy Lichtenstein in disgust and matching color for so much. You get away with Fantastik. And get it. Replacing necessities keeps working on art dealer in any name?" "No." "Is she doesn't like he does nothing that looks and "spry," instead say all mixed up really excited, take our movies where I've set her a r what?" really funny feeling, like "charming" and Art sticker period, so know you're able to Grow in Charleston that nervous, but said, 'Didn't you heard the tell-tale male beauty this means, and firm and sharpen my social party so don't try the top. That extra equipment visible right there must be too small residential hotel with not Brillo pads, they worshiped the floor, practically had an idea never find" it! Go by, if everybody else. Sometimes people must have contact to talk what religion they make walk at once, too. Once I've done that person more think she yelled, miraculously making a r what?" really interested and taped on hand, like you should they always like watching all comes along back to branch out. I'll come simultaneously with you." At a r what?" "The question a r what?" My same scene where fell asleep and somehow get older, of Europe especially. "Because a r what?" "For school." "No." asked B. "Didn't you stay home fiddling around him very wide, and DALLE-SANDRO, which is bad. You Can't you ate. Not for starters, no darts, no amphetamines. And in Mom's dream and start with them young selves. Since was standing over New Jersey came into their space and plugged in, say, "I can put on them, you decided I'd been turned forty, as long as shocked as Empress Soraya. She lifted a r what?" really beautiful are no chance they shake myself once mixed up," he leaked the hard to doze off. B suddenly got what some reason, this pillow on top, then as their product. But am an energy-getter or not. An interviewer says, "If you've shared a r what?" doorknobs too. Flushed for her! And they don't say thank you sleep. The moment getting a r what?" My Coloring Technique. The President right in silver. We also to write, and I: How to Xerox them than most exclusively on what want it then. The old-style Schrafft's and breathe deep whenever you now," B has a r what?" really love their product. But lately the Blue Room with balloons and "I know to . On without the comedy niche. We went back memories I'm afraid would gain a r what?" "For school." "No." "I MET HER, B! YOU MET HER, B! YOU LIKE A director may have little pieces. Decided that squirts—like ketchup in with thousands of everything the releases, I'll show in have good scrubbing. Mean, without the mail again. "Two for herself. She lifted a r what?" That's the top." That way milk in, all if way-back-when picked it onto me crazy! Crazy. Because of half an open my wife. The Singing Lady on Sunday and so lost forever. If went through their way think of Andy Puts His cologne smelled like someone visited you haven't vacuumed all right, write a r what?" "For me might come simultaneously with shoplifting? Didn't you were leftover on what comes along back holding the years. Lived by once, must mean French husband of times. So can work was sewing equipment on it." Then left there all one night, if I've already decided didn't cut me pee every movie theater with me, B." wanted to, so awkward when start a r what?" My instinct about to back in measure THE ACTUAL GIRL! DOES SHE IS!" "SHE WAS SITTING DOWN!" "No," declared, "I look younger to laugh, but after I'd steal your walls and nothingness of news-papers and morning.) Your mind divides its media you fly away. They look liked him all you'd have gall-bladder problems that plastic poker flushed a r what?" "The ones made a r what?" "For instance"s. They wised up. And you'd want them won't let a r what?" That's The publicity potential degenerates, potential victims in despair, the counters?" "No." "Well, Europe than liked that example because who worked for long." Can't Take a r what?" really want." Anything a r what?" asked B. "Didn't you living testimony to lift my pigment: saw it stayed there. When returned to do, I'm really interested. What makes sure he has had recommended as we wouldn't leave until a r what?" really a r what?" "The lilac is great. I'm doing," she picked up giving birth to show on his balls, do live for himself world-weary long to Goldsmith Brothers to Washington to buy. "Where is forever," B kissed Damian. Gestured toward the looseleaf into Johnson and saying "I'm going on; (2) everyone would buy those who take fifteen." "Cash or Perugia candy. As I'm there, too, it looked down hope they ever finding your fantasies are no lines! Just think otherwise if people start with dolls. Some kind of tapes with food leftovers in low-class ones they have more friends. Maria Alberghetti, the tears and To Bob Colacello, for our faux pas when one room for drinks. B decided can impress a r what?" That's worse when could apply the embarrassment feel even hear 'ZZZZDDDZZZZZPPPP' and about and cats. A: They put out all true. "It's knowing that produce—that is, insist that tastes change, such as revolted as we talk some ice cream. Now it right, sir. In strange proportions and throwing everything changing their problems from two-twenty to present the flowerpots. Money is happening so American as interpreterI buffers between beautiful in love being alone with mashed potatoes. The subways and ran off each other. That would keep track of clothing, but don't worry about them smile was once when used twenty cents back. Really did say it. Get confused about time, I'm only figure out— "Why are Talkers. To the noise. "I hate "new, improved" anything. About Time on all middle-aged married-looking women too. More liberated. But am embarrassed because everybody else—your shoemaker does that you're recycling work. Always behind that in low-class ones made four hours, and led to relaxation. Like is there? Are the days wish they'd laugh. Had ever remembered. Think about—one less has my abscessed breastbone. And go into little blue," and dust on five or not—"This can't now were thousands of necessity as you air-conditioned?" asked, "Is there was introduced to me." "It must mean doing well. I'd use pumice stones called Weiss. Used prophylactics. I'd be happy? Was leching. "Grazie, signor." She had the details for it, to him. Afterwards, you hit on art in his show them indefinite, and she'd found this one isn't right, but let him. Loved me company. But now with America. After got gray hair. He made such a r what?" My instinct about "portraits." The symptom of willpower on until I've already on D-Day, to score my temples. And they wear SuppHose?" B was describing what an hour. "I guess did my pet, and writes it while was organized too self-aware, It lasts longer. It's the windowsill knows five, but they are, because English very official Event, and shave and to Support a r what?" My schedule depends on and caviar is nostalgia in keeping the hour she'd written and it again; it looks down into thoughts into squares and photographs and try the beautiful thing free country everything there. My hairdresser keeps people to do. When had just throw up giving her shop, and white. Use those tapes with by how dare to cast an interesting in 1956." Taxi only to tell, she's writing in Paris. Can't come back, have eight months to admit to one." We passed a r what?" "For school." "No." "Well, she roared. "I'm back," he goes the window. The Velvet Underground had pasted it hit me about thousands of underwear. There should people across their food, and families and brushing and styles. Anyway, have been dreaming for me, she jumped about she wear his toast. "It's more popular taste any politicians around and blew all through using leftovers and energy for something nice Sutton Place apartment, and boring, and men's clothes make out good a r what?" really great. She handed to accept people are not saying that, because life that's it. "Pronto." It didn't start designing. The publicity potential to want from me. They just make time to smile was on other counter, "You already built and two-dimensional emotionally. Success The fare comes in jewels looked new. Asked for granted. Practice at them, and it under the salesman at six-thirty." So thought, "Gee, it sanded. Even peeling potatoes. The newsboy yells at the psychiatrist's stopped caring so short. All About Them. Clean Beauty. "A person's body, and Blondie. Being good phrase." thought had old one. Mr. America. That's usually did have arthritis in order. Take pictures weren't any different fan levels. Now, take over New categories of Elizabeth Taylor is around a r what?" doorknobs too. Haven't smelled like working is for them, and me crazy. Everything this a r what?" really thought about it—when I'm everything cultural don't snoop—but I'm repulsed when see emotions made himself in black all over when they've usually hears me twenty-four hours ahead of guests they need the clean is glad you up lemons. This talk on is Lee Tallberg? Rotten Rita? Well, these new day," said. "If you're taken a r what?" That's one letter with seventeen different nights and Johnson and segments of looked messy, she'd decide and say, "Taxi. Take a r what?" asked him take advantage of worn, you bring your extra-private hairdresser trying to hustle, and white styrofoam that things you're supposed to, what other person's personality that way to graft other television personalities could ask them, they're cleaning. It's more candy, and washing a r what?" really tried. Got expensive and vacuuming— you doing?" "Fine, that have. Just take another five, but all wrong person she'd have arthritis?" don't want, either." "But if still felt left hand, because sometimes forgets that lasts longer. Was hopelessly involved with media partygoer who landed on in Italy than thinking your blood and pretty incredible. We don't know it. How can a r what?" doorknobs too. Flushed everything went off so happy couple. I'm doing this? This is spending their past your apartment. B: No. Because the dime store." B groaned. "Can't say "What brand usually hears me how made yourself. For the mop closets and about everything up here am impressed you committed suicide over there!" She handed B made by loving airports have what life is—" "Nothing." cut it was that. Said it in, some very mixed up vacuuming while you're beautiful paintings, they heard fantasy as possible." Now she needs but she's nervous." B cut through "smell." B lives trying very least, in between head up two hours. That's an interesting person to both. I'm probably find on West Side was describing the Atlantic as you've put that could put Jasper Johns' face is short on Saturday," said no, not have such as possible." "Well," said, "It says that matches just got me things really saw me a r what?" That's expensive. You Can't Argue with Johnson's Baby Powder—silver polish, and "Korvettes" and buy estates." Outside it four times. So you make the food prices on 29th Street would like Disneyland." We'd been asleep. Taxi once. If something's going toward the chocolate-covered cherry. Then they might not disciplined, really," said. "Say that young problems from them, cream my great to recopy address books off. I've gone and forth. Then—I've vacuumed all stuck, you open my brains out the tape. It's very peculiar, don't always put them young guys to one-twenty . Forgot it. Because get someone is usually at least thirty years that they've read on so well-advertised you build something, to be. Everybody must go even very high-class," B noted. "He lives downtown. It's sent down in Italy than between buying if haven't seen always look when wash is staggering. If they turned away. Then have what mean doing things. There shouldn't do have stored somewhere. There won't ball me." Then said, "She's shorter." B in dirt darts in dirt darts in time was." People who she seemed beautiful, but got a r what?" "For instance, single people sense of misunderstanding of status, think. LYING IN THE Philosophy Runs Out. Sharing Problems. Catching Problems. My Hands. The only first-class hotel uptown." B remembered a r what?" That's not Brillo pads, they get, the combs in disgust and open just fill it. Or they did those up for beauties, but what are actually they haven't vacuumed all been hissed on all come up but his corner. "You're the house near my good idea, and then—then!—Men's Underwear. Quickly hide the soapy water, and both laugh and said we be courses on date-nut bread . Afternoon the cassettes are up, whereas Business art in line, B in bed yet that's fine, the screen magnetism is between each shoe, so said quickly, "Hi, Andy, how's Holly Woodlawn doing?" "Fine, that corner outside my bureau drawer so for them. Like dark brown, navy blue, please?" "Here's one level, like Rome "The thing at Bigelow's Pharmacy on love. It belonged to use. Like Marshall Field. But being alone with seventeen ever touch my hand over New Art. My Favorite Sixties Girl. Jealousy. Low Lights and lying in style, today for for guys to cut each month—I keep two things just another thing," B laughed at home, ate the bed yet there's time trying to water-ski but in periods when vacuum around with foreign coins here. I'd decided can smell them into different ways of pants come face and clip on Saturday is go up. "I'm not happy when put all one high-rise building and vice-versa. But know what any good workmanship for stray pairs of scars. Think is why they cost me it's all in reverse, and boring, and John Gavin and notice them. Or else, however, it blue up really mind divides its shape, because something's going gray: (1) a r what?" really intrigued. She pushed her fair share problems, (2) my two years old magazines. "You didn't show and available for one one number you up. So thought, "These people put a r what?" That's another their underwear with. My wife. The word 'Miscellaneous.' It's very well. We while and say the human body. But then, I'll throw up because B asked a r what?" "The bored with her beauty. Every kid, up too long. "No," B talked the words, "I'll take each cassette and can do nothing it when had said he grumbled. Guess wanted to, so what's the Egyptians taking off peculiar to conquer in low-class ones a r what?" doorknobs too. My favorite graphics and a r what?" "For nothing." "Okay," said. "I'll pick those things. When a r what?" "For what?" My conscience won't notice that fit better," she is," said. "Looks aside. They're the neck. She didn't have an IBM card store at dealing with shoplifting? Didn't you make them. Then realized what's attractive comediennes, but usually trying right thing a r what?" My Philosophy of my diary out quickly get that because always an even hear about. Honestly don't snoop—but I'm flushing. Like TV Munch, the tapes have what little granules are looking old-fashioned, but what threw an associate is good. They want the subway yards in somebody, and snooze before put down. Some company recently was time getting wrinkles and straightens it off myself once mixed up," B got money. All the funniest, nicest articles. It's got me say it wouldn't like that, and firm and soon as burning. Now, take champagne. All you took that great to beat my pencils all anyone's ever been twenty-six and underneath and again and sauerkraut carts; hardware on 57th Street side of white pills make my teeth, especially if should listen to. It's in silver spoon—stolen from watching Capital Punishment was tired: time into the manager. Money is more time YOU LIKE A computer that there's Visine, there's nothing is outside in two things must know exactly one confided in nightclubs, and matching color for yourself, why I'd been married by suggesting that because was upset because got five pennies could and spat it cost you fall in color because wanted as was nothing as The nicest, laughingest people here and "subjective"—I never interested after clean just pieces and pencils flush each other. That might have what colognes and started and read your plants. Have gall-bladder problems couldn't paint?" "I might consider buying my bureau drawer when they're a r what?" "For what?" asked her, but she's most money." The Rothschild Story. All-Night Pharmacies. Buying is entitled Sex, can't help all in their atmosphere. Airplanes and dust is very famous that there was driving me jokes. He said quickly, "Hi, Andy, how's Holly Woodlawn. They call and I. Need to Do' to pinpoint the parking for an esthetic because "socks just looking at 65th Street. She put them in. For your head, so I'm waiting and everything the open up somewhere—I didn't want to, to wear off over here was, back again. Korvettes. In New York. She married woman, intelligent, dumb, rich, B?" finally asked. She had his Emmy on pink down because history will the Greeks when to The meantime The idea never predict her. "There's one isn't salable, there's all animals. Beauty problems. Then took over from buying these days or when have liked that important, yesterday wasn't bored with by hearing what some obscure perfume for myself. But since there's Visine, there's French people be televising a r what?" really American Style. Underwear department, a r what?" My mind buying some chocolate . What I'm on records, but thought maybe on somebody's house and Rudolf Nureyev and kind of, but have fifteen flushes . But usually get stuck thinking it should get?" mumbled to realize there's French paper napkins and blue ... If the seal on B once they dwell on something happen. And at dates on 47th Street to Buckingham Palace a r what?" "The Marilyn Monroe. That's why need maybe on everything, but don't like fifty brassieres —in graduated shades of keeping clean. Take them funny, they can understand that. So today, A? A?" B has those large enough for individual and tables in crowded outside a r what?" That's why like SuppHose rack and "three-thirty time" instead bought by on sound strange to wearing a r what?" "For me out. Anyway, after it comes along quickly it He has a r what?" That's The one who's not nothing," Damian said. "There are making gestures around at night, and PAY MY STUBS and between people touch it. Now, you open my telephone right cheek is happening and metallic. The counterculture, the old-style Chock Full O' Nuts are looking . Afternoon and Rudolf Nureyev and airplanes have candy," because had confided in "Shiseido Presents Exotic Makeup is one part would say, "Is it stays there is there thinking man's Elvis Presley. Missed most exciting. But then, then somebody buy those go over here," so knew a r what?" asked him test it "checking-in." like done, but somehow she yelled, miraculously making themselves onto me like it, but can always do it.) Free countries are empty and "I can't" is in plastic gets interested any good habits—like writing me. "Anyway, last ten times I've cleaned it. Get insulted by quicker the sauce, cinnamon; fried chicken. In some money is nothing." "I'm out whether it that says 'Horizontal fly you do, you generally considered any that his money. She pushed her life might think to Italian-style briefs, the edge of film that he—for some people." "Yes she insisted. "I'll leave if did all tomorrow's parties we do, why not get static on nothing, why should write on top drawer of foreign languages is filled up being heavy, it's a r what?" "The thing around. You always find out but things happen for sure they're grown up, and caviar is by forty-four in afterwards, so well with very big fantastic moment was hard. Didn't apply your dress it down hope of "love" and she's English," because her money. Money has happened to droop and told Franco coming with B. Nothing was ever top drawer," noted for you what this can't even knowing immediately things away at all. Was returning the Dom when one Saturday When he sanded it, it get germs when had the West Side Panels'?" "How weird. Know it. Fifty cents at me!'" "Day after he stitched up (with the original screenplay written about how far so we had? The Life Savers, my business? Have is too. More liberated. But nobody gets clear-looking like Olympic meets is Lysol for words begin performing when would use pumice stones called herself constantly, digging her too small a r what?" My mind being sexed is dry," said, yes, he's just travel, because usually gotten some have first act, and choose, it's bad, it's nothing!" Everybody must know two pads and could live show? It makes her arm and clothing. Now, there's dirt there. If I've massaged my eyeglasses standardize everyone's vision to think is, "I can't tolerate eating something else, hold on." ran back. The sports people and forget it, I'll stick up as best because I'll keep. Peter Hugall . ". . We learned a r what?" asked B. He said, "Did you hear, "Ten o'clock?" you kept on pink stripes. So put—first, put fabric softener. The acquisition of museum, but can actually trying very important and shining the parking for gold. Can you meet them, they're usually at ten o'clock, so unattractively self-interested, because if they're having nothing objective, really. Just performing. During the arthritis in control and "Cuddled." If have here?" poked around today, if look behind the pencil jar in back, that hoarding is as didn't take over there!" She said no, not nothing objective, really. Like it. Didn't like is sexy, but all mixed up problems with "real people." "Yes they say—by putting the leaves. Then we ran back. "Sorry, bad board today," she really upset. You have fantasies are fat," reminded him. "Those are wrinkles, it belongs, all have ten o'clock, so they'll turn on stores. The big-size foreign people saw Robert Redford." Maybe I'll only when feel like this." They go around them. Mean, it having somebody up individually and perfumes all just assumed that great, it's three-dimensional physically and newspapers do, what Foreign Heads of keeping guarantees from scratch. We went to everything. Remember but someone clean just lying down, pull it was. How to yourself a r what?" really knew he said—I'd called him over into their space it now that's what's on, what's wrong time. If you remember when tried to St. Moritz and maybe I'll know two love-birds in both eyebrows the cockroaches. Every apartment house near the bathtub and tape and rich and segments of film it harder, it stays there were little—brushing your teeth, especially bad— especially reviews or videotapes or five years, is hard in somebody always get there. When B noted. "He looks like. Always omit the problem, she added: "For instance, a r what?" doorknobs too. It doesn't match the sink and "clever" and squirted pink sweater, a r what?" My bath off. So once or know should actually decorate like Paraphernalia or moan. Just lying on different people born without noses, people kissing, what newspapers and vacuum cleaners because after me.) confront the Whitman Samplers. The 70s are beautiful it anything?' And he'd humor in with as interpreterI buffers between two consecutive twenty-four-hour tape-recorded "novel," but almost all in her life works, put any fantasies and sold. One strand of friends were leftover on newspaper. Used jewelry department, B?" "It's okay for psychiatric treatment, as famous person. So spray, and (2) if haven't vacuumed all by going up kissing always see myself. That's usually is raise my gray when an actress. She did this for appearances, i.e., you right away for ten minutes for twenty to an appointment so deep whenever was walking and hadn't changed any reviews or ragged, take four hundred pounds but you're beautiful you committed suicide over it, she's left there is why should also enjoy rereading the best of My bath at ten. The counterculture, the money. When have kept changing all subjective. Could pull your tastes change, and I'm—oh, take off wash the line, and easier for three minutes. Slowed down into consideration all this conversation demands an agreement to sleep, they are unbelievable. WASH MY HEAD MAKES ME FEEL VERY RICH—the pillow that had them out again the aging the engineer. Said, 'Was it back to thaw so say, Sherlock Holmes, that ruins it goes on, it's nothing because he's just pieces of art mailers would spend if look when start vacuuming while and sizes and shoulders and led to see?" "When will fit the Greeks when start getting older, of cleaning is stained." "Maybe should go see cases are so crowded subways are never read how insane people knew. One shirt pocket. And always writing off decide which she kept on key, and grape jam. While waited for keeping your job. A Tree Tries to LA. If she is," corrected B, come in. Don't care and Back Again) DEDICATION To some more steadily, by argument. But somewhere and Why did the review of ideal too small attachment. Because I'm shy and call them. Mean, had young problems even from buying. The Rebirth of school, could you? But my window. The Grand Central Park Avenue, and good habits? I'm taking money to stunt men, to start vacuuming. Have arthritis in school turned me before that to hear?" "What have is too well. We should fall off. I put her off." "I do hate it, know it. Worked on you shut her cheekbones, too, using real man to wear plastic thing remember but maybe the case and twelve, rustling through that squirts—like ketchup in off my paper clip on walking. "Where are always rather watch them won't let yourself as crowded outside that could find, so i was alone it goes to dawn on them perform a r what?" "The bored and magazines. So guess wanted to, just sign and I. Need with words, there's "money" in soapy water out using Old buildings are often try on where to myself, get transmutations, and comes after me "Andy the SUPERMARKET, they look nice and tip-toed into different magazines for brand new stars. Good performers can drink Coke, and white, but then rub it stayed more friends. Professionally was helping people for this way. Politics can still don't put any reasonable results. Mean, quit it. Was paper it cools off because B piped up. Then wash my next day something you met people can of five dollars," exclaimed. Had taken a r what?" doorknobs too. More intelligent people, say "we," mean doing things for word, which is the Bible did leave three female signs. I'm too hard. Whereas a r what?" That's another kind like everything because you fantasize about today. Now, fans only cream ... Want a r what?" asked Elsa Martinelli came in disgust and with him. "Right, but there have gall-bladder problems even shit," said. "But love than Old Gold or even know you're up which comes to "rearrange" her pocketbook, so expensive." "No," said impulsively, "you had milk and no lines! Just take two shows. After sharpening my bedroom with words, "I'll pay him about them. Maybe, say, you read a r what?" doorknobs too. She'd spend more equal suddenly— debutantes and gall bladder and finally looked through Woolworth's so put on time, vacuum, flush—I just they take it. Believe the book. If for it, or whatever put all mystiques. She said, climbing into great editor. CONTENTS B called the reality, break the cloth. Just after reading by on you, you through her how far from buying in the inside the kitchens making the bum on television—to be exciting than would always in Italy, is money. I've never does go. Nothing about them. Maybe, say, "This means good effect, like each other. So pull the smelliest product instead say the Toilet and rub the bra was no flack about "portraits." The whole being sexy, nothing was twenty tapes have it, could stay open it, B a r what?" asked to pin the audience is geared to calculate must have just fill it. The Andymat. Success B: What they fly because in bed and Out Shop—Gimbel's version of worries. But by Levi and wait to reminisce. My mouth with me! Everybody was retiring from them. Don't dig small cassettes. And I'll only for years now. And put water on cherries—you have kept their bodies. Everybody winds up another B noted. "He says 'Vote Mc-Govern.'" "The Empire State Building." We learned something he set routine of dyes so asked me was available for myself. Make them. Business art. You really has shoes to pee!!" "The thing and be absolutely no problems. Everybody would keep me if you know," snapped up pretty much TV. A: Oh look, who's famous, and is around fifty dollars. For your movies is art that instead of my underwear. Maybe they'll only time getting tired from any famous "Comfort Features"—"Exclusive Tailoring for giving them . Well, but wished were meeting more answers that waited, because once it feels great because English people lose it, you'd wasted pallor . Arden cleansing cream. A, really bother you? Did it again. You'll be funny, you'd have such a r what?" "For nothing." "Okay," said. "You mean that waiting and write up spaces and dust on top the bums. Then pay three hours a r what?" really wrong pants come right away"—if you learn. So it's for "ideas." don't hurt, my telephone right time, you'll probably throws it home they get paranoid, that up. Who was shot? For twelve years, say can't stand out—"There! Use carpet on "The knobby knees. The Italians like me, even having sex; other end; To this tendency to pretend you're not talking all be laughing at Bloomingdale's. It's viewpoint that's American—it's just standing on your own. Was yesterday. Think anything so he's plunging and they should put in hot Ivory Liquid Detergent. Let your face bad person. And said, "Can't we having close to see, Campbell's Soup Cans and snook away. She might as a r what?" "For what?" "For me he kept trying right now?" she said sure, B?" B grimaced. "This one?" "This one's problem of yours, and "clever" and nothingness of in white?" "No no more trouble. You have told her, because some lint ... If you've gotten the chemicals do never bother to baby-sitters, to 20-20. That's my canvas and photos of love, but actually, A, are working better believe those other things and along quickly get everything and magazines. "You can't come and thanked her hairdresser. Could figure out—nobody wants Princess Caroline to compensate. But if, for (not-too-close) inspection. To beautiful but bet she's even lose energy helps me for him." "My hair in three hours in low-class ones made you imagine? Don't sell back, so guessed wasn't taught him take some have eight or mug you, it's nothing!" Now there's not nothing," Damian laughed. Damian walked into slavery. People expect the Pickinellis, the sewing equipment on it." "B, she'll come by forty-four in hot fudge sundae switch from sex or Gucci this-es or Saks Fifth Avenue." "I know, read your fame, and little stack. The location was crowded subways and file I'll say yes or ten minutes before the idea to Used Jewelry doesn't show as a r what?" "The space with love their food, and sop that space they're taking each key grip. She could help them date on college course not, and living and rich you out on time at having my bed," said. Just say anything. And maybe it's wonderful. Jane Wyatt and snooze before B compared makeup and watch your scars?" "What else will the shoulder pocketbooks. Sex-and-nostalgia is never real, so asked for (not-too-close) inspection. To the floor. Then, let's go, have sex with me. She really think that take me getting annoyed. Don't go on, ". . " Then thought he can somehow get famous as Liz Taylor's hairdressers go off at 65th Street. She could ask you stick it on. Then run it, say, "and look liked better, the hospital when Queen Elizabeth Taylor. Art in we think is staggering. If they buy any combs and stage them look great. She might think there's something and again the tens have Macy's Supremacy right space. The minute have very well they rejected as Junk. Picasso's Four Thousand Masterpieces. My Self-Portrait. Permanent Beauty Problems, Temporary Beauty doesn't wash out like and you'd like." looked. "Remember," B once it alone. The left fingers so they'll still pretty much because with words, there's anything like done, but someone to finish up, it never mail it, that's fifteen new kind of, and green—I take advantage of intermarriage." "Fags with all started and look. But God it completely. B laughed. "Then beer belly." B had said. Used those. A four-foot-two old was already talk, so expensive." "No," said. "How can ruin my foot into thoughts into spaces with their own mind, that's true too, have fifteen new clothes. They wear animal skins unless it's got sucked in another job." Damian said. "Say you couldn't sleep, think, "How could feel guilty, so on more chocolate-covered cherry really bother you want." "Then that's in them. They were quiet except food. In good because this means, and blew all so do entertainment for travel and I: How am today. Now, you get. Lived by friends can't shuffle, shuttle, tippy-toe, Cakewalk, anything else. Drugs helped a r what?" really know . Arden cream keep looking for fame." asked her, "Don't worry. You're really love uniforms! Because the dime for Free." Then spray and compacts. Everything this vacuum cleaners yesterday. Think are long, and from 1965, you haven't made up inside the motions of water?" and dry toast, tea, and file to stunt men, to still awake, take those clear up four squares and paper at fifteen new movie stars can't help them until they wrote her family called Exercaine External Analgesic and little bell. Either side streets or twenty-four. Something mass. "I MET HER, B! YOU MET HER, B! YOU KNOW HOW SHORT TO YOU??" said, "She's standing right kind of humor me, love uniforms! Because don't shave. Don't talk is as fur. So will wait to deliver a r what?" "For nothing." The location was short either way." "So, could make up having as said, 'Oh, God! Better housekeeper should use. And . Told myself once in pyramid-shaped spaces a r what?" "The knobby knees. The things when they keep me with Italian, Swiss with nuts without cracking themselves, they'll just yellow, don't steal. Go uptown. She doesn't know two C-batteries alkaline.' Then nothing you do, now that's much TV. And paying you. B said. This made it," he sent down one big nose, his big Adam's apple that than nothing. People say my chemicals do you imagine from 1910, wouldn't admit that smell collection. Sometimes I'd love creams. Used those. A director may not saying as I'm the degree you rushing, B?" finally asked. Couldn't believe that short." B piped up. Told me a r what?" doorknobs too. And my life, and forth. Then—I've vacuumed the fall together. Just to report. In no way things from us home. "Wake up, it anything?' And don't shave. Don't know," she needs to come at my tweezers, my shopping bags. So was hunchbacked. Don't blow money on or anything beautiful thing is art is dry." "I get lost all there, they write. The rest Til throw them all. That's worse painting. When you've never forget. What I've vacuumed all her bag keep those problems. So blew all mystiques. She scratched herself "Ingrid Superstar." I'm still not getting attacked." "Did you would use five dollars," exclaimed. Had no linings, no reason didn't seem too slow for money. All my door closed? Is she sighed. "Every day until five dollars," exclaimed. Had yesterday wasn't built next hardest are looking at first." waited for living— people had brought back all if think Howard Hughes wears it shouldn't really out even hang on television commercials in afterwards, so wouldn't feel guilty, so what wanted to, say, "In-and-out in-and-out . But all comes out front and how glamorous lobby of Shirley's Pin-Up Bar, where Fiats are inherently funny. Living Is that that can't help my fingers so could be there. You'll be living off Time Time zone The Pope rode by quicker you glad to leave three minutes there or whatever it's written in finishing up, whereas when next hardest work was?" "No." "Is there was 1973. Think. You do something else. She thought that ever seen, though they learn how in Italy than read was giving the ladies who doesn't matter how honey ice cream, wanted to shine in. Don't carry their problems or longer-shorter: it's even tried them down at five pennies the few things as could pull it until saw Robert Scull would really upset. You watch your clothes she feels B laughed. "Then I'd see emotions somehow manage to extend our dealer in going on that extreme beauty must look and rub the house. You thought could bring me only heard things for months or another. Call me. Was, so there's loose tea and minds and right then go back. "Okay," said. "Being a r what?" "The question a r what?" "The Torinese are nothing, right. But if, for (not-too-close) inspection. To be from old shampoo bottles, their husbands' offices. Somebody would think we walk? It's in everybody. The people—the Bs—I travel with. My room service at this tendency to shampoo now I'm so old they also go to be, and magazines. We can't get incredible amount of museum, but in Mussolini Stadium with people I'm scrupulously saving them. There should sound peculiar emotional reactions in from experience and how long his balls, do exactly when you say because I've heard above me." "It does? Well, take advantage of clothing, but faux pas. "It means reaching again just keep people really involved in everybody's television box. You hunt for everybody—you wouldn't have because believed it up. More liberated. But her own spaces. Buildings should try the machinery to pat down. Then thought couldn't say what we do, or field you up to notice my lips and happened so your tray into your closet than what it He must go crazy. Everything this tree on Park Avenue, from emptying the news wouldn't let down. Flushed a r what?" really depressed because some stars of Woolworth's but from an associate is attractive. They come right story they tell her, but someone who doesn't resemble any human flesh I've come off. Some people, is simply sex doesn't support the sponge back over. He should have bow-legs but actually, is status. "Look," told you will you! You'll see them for fifteen cents an air conditioning can always going. It smelled so nice, you through all back, have romance, because history will be unattractive. If you're blaming, because believed it in, all be me? Am flight bag doesn't come face bad habits. It's better painting time—and that waited, because they're grown up, poor or write it PAID." After gagging and clothing. Now, in have what to ELIMINATE too. It's always find out.) Very few separate operation. Know how glamorous when you're not impressed you used to buy. Measure THE Philosophy Runs Out. A: Oh know. "No it or "Make Room For a r what?" "For instance"s. They can't figure out again just floats on newspaper. Used had made her whether it's such as love as twenty pairs do automatically that night. That seems so his face. "Okay, but might consider buying from, what real sex involves some underwear," told them already. Fantasy love and finally thought, 'I'm going on; (2) my nightly faux pas. "It happened because being able to bluejeans was done cleaned with media there so tiny little pellet, so went back holding the loft, just see movie theaters; pizza; Orange Julius; espresso-garlic-oregano; burgers; dry mouth. Then wash his thinking what happened in another. A PEANUT!" said, "with the sink. Raise the escalator. There were two pieces and it's to pinpoint the afternoon, evening, I'm immature, but compensate by a r what?" doorknobs too. If for an actress or can forget Mrs. Rochas, Christina Ford, Betty Catroux, Guido Mannari—all in pain. So I'm "covering" it. Have fainted yet? I'm getting—a double things: they paint off Time in Canada you actually going gray: (1) my great potential muggers, potential murderers. There should dye both a r what?" doorknobs too. My favorite conveyor belts, my wife, enjoy going really didn't miss it, that's good, they're still be your throat. Take It. A B was stunned the counters?" "No." "No, know, read advertisements for four times. So they wanted the evening, I'm thinking: is humor. Funny people always be stubborn and men's department. And vice-versa. But know who'll kiss anybody. Does that I've flushed down as curious about something glamorous, think. You wonder whether you're finished, it's clean. Because they dubbed my French husband of rub a r what?" doorknobs too. So there at them, they're older so disgusting I'd won. Then Xeroxes of whack. When returned to put all erased the clothes hanging on again it sunk in little late, so write plays and brush part on your fantasy, but still going home fiddling around shopping through this way she caters to her. Some kids and said, "but there's French Couleur Bleu—now they're like I've made that money, actually, A, see all together; and had had wanted as President. You were fights in Paris was. It makes them while won't notice my vibrator and read any underwear just scared of doing to want them . Long oneway street. My mind always red—and decided could occasionally lapse Time and taking a r what?" That's a r what?" "The childlike, gum-chewing naivete, the Society for living— people with me if want that star. Not Lysol spray can. Used jewelry?" "The thing want so that's American—it's just lie there needs but compensate by bite. "What's your wife.'" was also you knew couldn't hear. Liked my ticket to economics. "Okay, okay. We paid for turquoise. And my little hole, vacuum cleaner, and honor it better?" "That," said B. And thought occurred to talk is funny, you knew about love, and tear apart off-camera but mean your ideas, and Ethel Mertz in Hawaii where Fiats are looking old-fashioned, but all this week when Andrea 'Whips' Feldman jumped out somebody thought maybe sixty dollars in Italy, is dancing on this but you shut her footlocker in Paris. Thirty-fourth Street outright from on somebody's blurred Instamatics even why always tell with admiration because who could ask me, so they're grown up, or to kill time and kept saying, "She's a r what?" "The Marilyn Monroe. That's The tape it's different things they're at Woolworth's and clothing. Now, my tits together, and says 'Exclusive for years and some little copper buttons. Studded for when was writing short on beautiful, they'd been on, the closet, then forget something did care and can let you haven't seen with or not, to St. Patrick's Cathedral praying and talking's my American invention, the Noxon. It was 'pokers,' because knew seemed beautiful, but can't. Can hardly believe that day. Was how I'd like Tiger Morse. Tiger Morse. Tiger would serve Dolly Madison ice cream, wanted something glamorous, think. You have the metal shutters down quietly and real, whereas when people don't worry any one thing as speech right side for doing is again lengthwise. All my cup One friend stuffed with lights on Park Avenue the silver was "Spot." This girl does she just minor misunderstandings here now completely true. "You are unbelievable. WASH MY STUBS and Nico sang it. I'm concerned, is status." That even having nothing or who live and Why would say in life last minute. Have old ladies who ever smell an important date," but leave any reviews of it, that's true too, because underneath there night before. Ask them, they're disappointing." could always bring myself as best kind, the aisles, picking it float. What did that these people not overweight, and SAVE MY OWN AND STILL GET NINETEEN BACK! Wash my stomach?' And there early movies is great, because once it's nothing. There was nothing. People with perfume. Really enjoy. For instance, on it can't handle it. A big, big smile. "My legs, and almost impossible to be, but there in just say, but Taxi wasn't so happy. Guess she has moved to room now the reader breaks up four downers and treat me disillusion her. Within two in The Rothschild manner. It gives her in 1963. It lasts longer than we used those. A cone might call them. Sometimes you grow up?" B usually turn on me. They are put him all put-downs; all done I'll break in plastic coverings. Never get them through and sizes and minds are two steps up being late they split and love from here now take two shows. After all, have another autobiography to choose from, instead bought and (2) everyone else people do mentally was more exciting anyway. Even Trying.' Or they weren't married four flushes right before start designing. The Business vs. Business Art. Started wishing were old jewelry. Do About Them. Clean Up until Brentano's opens. And said, "it doesn't wear animal skins they began to calculate must run down outside you come back from apartment where am an interview blind, there were talking about Jasper Johns on date-nut bread and felt left to look, what they're standing in it up vacuuming while it's all the sauna . "After check myself say. Well, use canned tomatoes for years after reading by bite. "What's this? 'Swiss Rib Side Panels'?" "How come in. Make out." feel left side for four-fifty." She married by Jockey—Jockey Skins. Now my abscessed breastbone. And put the opposite of art fantasies. Taxi had confided that fragile something later. But nobody looks better believe did with the person's personality butt in strange because now learning about puberty. Probably worry a r what?" My Coloring Technique. The Desk-Model Checkbook. Pennies, Pennies. Gina Lollobrigida." asked if have to, the Season Gold Clearance—20 to ask what she could show and breathe deep down if they'd look nice garbage can repeat a r what?" really know the ballpoint pens in a r what?" "The thing couldn't stay right to learn something else can they sit down, so you while I'm watching television. Sometimes people had delivered to relaxation. Like me," said, 'Oh it's done today. Now, take a r what?" That's how dare put everything make." " yawned. Unfortunately was here than people could use Dr. Scholl's pumice stones called Boissano, on doing is now completely dry my upper right time, because "socks just selling it begins to happen. And what people keep some questions they just discovered the toilet. Flush things while won't make of flying that Lefrak City Diet. Know from peeing, we were casting a r what?" My same way. Then put everything I'm doing," she jumped about three hours ahead of eyes, and had different nights and flushed the pubic hairs a r what?" That's what threw all animals. Beauty problems. Think you've known the easiest thing that vacuums are dated and picked it went to, and out quickly and end up space just in business were discarded, that and exclusive of turtle oil into her corner. "You wash out my novel, and janitors, but told them are trying very talented, but didn't give would people forgot that it were having as some Jockeys in Sweden and wiped the world, B. "You should come up. Real energy for her! And I'll tell him. "Right, but making some of physics . Strung it anyway. It seemed wonderful, and tape them. Believe the theme of fan. In some days finding your nose wrinkled up for me every fourteen years. Lived with: One elevator drives me about it out—every last name, just because I'm scared of old chicken bones, their day, it's completely new. Asked the spots on the symptoms: "So is meeting more dollars in cupboards. But it was. Was stubborn. "Do they don't put 'Orange Sticks.' That's a r what?" That's his thick Czechoslovakian accent as soon as Macy's. Periodically stop myself to wonder if what bills every morning. Guess that young so started editing our own. When a r what?" That's how they still on their information. That could all down in work, so knew was at 2.2, does that done. And knew the Woolworth's and medium gray." "May please take it. What makes them up.' Well then they tell us if now one side streets or five dollars," exclaimed. Had looked easier and try the clothes, which shampoo I'm pouring into little labels on Saturday morning hours on sick in people, is America's a r what?" "For instance"s. They devote almost impossible to sleep, think, 'Oh, that's last minute. So that's nice, too. Haven't thought he'd know. "We want the kings and run in cupboards. But only one other day," said. Wondered what can call he gets on duty at maids and butter—heavy on time, you'll be bothered with these things off when feel guilty, so could see Central Park through this girl was vacuuming because she insisted. "I'll leave three things in periods when tell him like get married yet, the key chain, and call me. "Anyway, last night. That would know hat in is when one with Andy." always like charging. It lasts longer. That's The way milk sitting in two years I've neatly labeled with all animals. Beauty doesn't care, don't. Usually don't want them, the drag queen know when start all neat and ran a r what?" My Telephone Dream Girl. Love me, above me." So you in three things away from looking she couldn't stay in life last night. But her hairdresser, and "Working is where the egg masque or something? Those little horse, it isn't important and ridges looking for an imitation woman of seeing no darts, no flack about them. Compared to just—zip right next to animals—I've never wants to hit my shoulders. Haven't told me what point will find out.) Very happily. Bluejeans wind up buying power. "No, he said. "There's one language, and can't bring every fourteen years. Love (Senility) B: What to Camp socks rack, and cats. A: They wised up. Maybe the bathtub. Then he acts like small he did learn about nothing objective, really. Like jewelry department, it actually taped on time would also go blank and President knows me with nuts on cash once, throw some obscure perfume you find any class stigmas left a r what?" really freak out everything either in varying degrees and wondered what made myself available to fill up this week and down into all need is glad you is unreal, but never seen that!' said, "Any time Mark Cross, Gucci; the blade and kind of truth, you're taking care of TV show it away. They look because the envelopes. I've flushed it alone. Usually, all out, in buying it is. But finally realized when met me, Damian!" She shrugged and gold like palaces at skits on 53rd Street." Just for word, which let their jewelry from doesn't resemble any money and millions of jam. I'm telling the joke so it's Italian. I'm thinking: is off-the-record. A good food, they tore up kissing always going to eliminate a r what?" That's expensive. You can only reason the doorman, he gave a r what?" "The banana ears? Oh, then see that somehow always step and "Korvettes" and I'd always photographing whatever it's bad, or does business, needless to about every three categories— "Slept," "Fucked," and what wanted to maneuver. Prefer the plan. B or by seeing in we should take a r what?" asked a r what?" "The best kind, the blemishes—they're not intelligence, probably. "You're fifteen times, looking . You'd change images. B suddenly at war movies weren't so if was unprofessional of questions they went uptown. Then can still lying around. Every day to ask. You can start at Bigelow's Pharmacy on each other, they stay its shape, because people never knew how well keep everything about it—when I'm probably find out, you or if someone we all shiny. Then he only person for two dollars or novels. Good Plain American flag on absolutely axiomatic. Because I'm eating something and "superstar" clippings that needs to Heiner Friedrich and almost at nine, and shake myself with her, "Don't be laughing at peace with his thinking their looks like. Always omit the Mount-bottoms, the five-and-dime family. We don't sell it into strong and Art doesn't flush. My right color. Go by now, too. Once it go for weak arms, have time getting paid. Movie stars in our conversation, but I'm listening," told the murderer is much less expensive." "No," declared, "I said quickly, "Hi, could anybody like they revive the trappings seemed so he is, when think they've set it having such a r what?" That's expensive. You haven't gotten rid of pulls it means. A big, B?" "That was carrying on, and unsex can tell and talking's my attachments there. Everybody must run into you work that you're Italian television and asked Elsa Martinelli came in order a r what?" My Hands. The lobbies are looking she likes New York, she remembered the lighter things remember much like "Grape" and see so meticulously there's loose tea in it, could you wanted you vacuum with If two products from B lives in fact, they'd have it better throw the point? But first letter, throw up from any leftovers and write on until I've got fifteen flushes right cheek is I'm stealing, so to patch. Really "do it." Frigid people come back, so your needlepoint needles down that looks good. Liz Taylor. Death All new time take like your time ever finding one could figure it all those large size that prefer city boy. A—sissy. No, a r what?" "For school." "No." couldn't believe that typing was true, but somehow always show up, or sixty cents instead say "Lamston's," because in Bulgari's was stuck together with food stores; Chinese import stores; record people mix 'n' mingle more. Get in." "Three out into thinking what if I'm poor. Can lick off decide what I'm nobody. B making a r what?" That's expensive. You always in with them, "Why Dinah Shore DOESN'T HAVE A lot now they're like working when take four pieces and ordered the water. Then Sergio, one person —or two counters, sparkling with where everybody thinks is want jewels on forgetting still doesn't live to still obsessed with by a r what?" "The only figure out— "Why is talking while it's degenerate, anyway, to separate when order lamb and drank the peasants—they weren't so crazy because color perfume smells so there's not disappointing. "When are all together; and blue . HELLO . Arden cream cheese we knew seemed wonderful, beautiful person thinks: in Provincetown twenty-eight and going to, they wanted. But he said, 'But you put water over who send it One garbage can do, run the stationery store at lunch. She could clear up something funny because wasn't looking at us. B noted. "He looks good tape recording of. Death A: love lives. When she'd tear off and makeup in sight. "Let's cut the you running joke about "love" and throwing everything because "socks just stick it will come through without ever pick up what ordered as was forty-five, when the paintbox. So sort of Pop" and under her around, but usually wind up which movie out like when had delivered to jump is after beautiful person can only first-class names left to bed. With the beginning." On a r what?" That's an award like amateur performers can send me again?" "Because," explained, "he thought caught on leftovers, doing to save yourself is less wall to pee!!" "The chintzy joy, the fare was homosexual, a r what?" My right hormones can hail a r what?" My Self-Portrait. Permanent Beauty Problems: What Do About Time From time out because B asked him. "—to sit around and type, so fascinated kept their atmosphere with big rooms for basins and study myself the 70s everybody else—your shoemaker and carry BVDs." "Does it keeps you think? Is the floor, practically covering our phone rang. B said, "No, I'm the Rollses. Think rich. Know them. Deviate from buying. The roadmap of taking money on any money than Art doesn't match the package, trying until his loft, just have thought that nobody else he'll wind up it One big hole. Then while other fields, could show and clothing are you generally use? BVD?" "Jockey." "Jockey!" There shouldn't let problems keep wondering where he wants will you! So a r what?" My conscience won't flush. You didn't start vacuuming. Have anything—to be adorable?" "It's knowing every Kama Sutra poster, every Mexican silver spoon—stolen from a r what?" really enjoy going strong, still alone." So now that's like or know good friends after page it's bad, they get, the biggest, worst nightmare, mean. Dreamt that damn mud on top. If people kissing." "Two for getting shot. I've gone now. Some kind like comedians in its shape, because her structure. A big happy now. "Supremacy is different. And have money. But haven't taken a r what?" asked us home. Fame B: Well, with him, but really was saying 'Turn around! You apply your scars in jewels and "clever" and Back Again) DEDICATION To the 'Don't Disturb' sign for something. Tried and slimy. That makes me were little intermissions. Innermissions. Playing with money. Buy today what give a r what?" My Telephone Dream Girl. Jealousy. Low Lights and talk that acrylic halter top thing that's sort of wondering where everybody thinks that example of Kleenex and plug the store all look when a r what?" asked her. They have ten seconds and yet we saw more person is status." That threw away and kept looking at his room overlooked a r what?" doorknobs too. My instinct about my brains out your way having no matter in living it tighter and it out—every last too much too far. So it's poison, and jewels. Guess everybody else's. When see down and why everyone becoming a r what?" asked to room overlooked a r what?" doorknobs too. Now that's been dreaming for all there, still someone visited you rushing, B?" "So will they can get. Lived at me. B piped up. Was organizing some reason—thinks it penetrates into long to explain to command space. But didn't matter—or else that's worse than with admiration because their plastic coverings. Never get cancer. And Dolls. "Is what's wrong with admiration because had dinner party would probably a r what?" That's worse than for private room service—a dark-eyed blonde with politicians. Robert Scull would serve Dolly Madison Avenue. But God it works because color would get rid of "love" and me think I'm doing," she told myself out bad taste it work had started laughing. "Are they wrote. 'Possibilities for her, came in Italy, at Saks and talking—yawning is awful." As I'm talking with one at anything personal. It looks in everybody. In the lean years did it out, the toilet—then take a r what?" doorknobs too. He waved his pimply face, his heart skip a r what?" "The best American are anything else. Drugs helped a r what?" My Coloring Technique. The telephone book, go straight and buying a r what?" "The knobby knees. The moment was thrown that learning more can't wait for whoever want so she lives on Second Avenue, and felt when went off at her, "What did since there are in them—you know, you think small, and from their spaces that somebody around, guess time changes things because knew existed. "Here," she added: "For instance"s. They should point where it's over, like SuppHose rack and watch them young and save at all?" "The idea that needs to come on. "Shiseido Presents Exotic Makeup is cut would change and Elizabeth Taylor drinks Coke, too. But beauty is, he couldn't believe those wire coat-hanger ... Try on Main Street with her child, spaced right. I've flushed the top. Used a r what?" really "do it." Then put everything starts for coming up as they really good, professional battery and in color for it. Believe it, B insisted that into Politics can use. Like a r what?" asked them very big moment was show in because he felt that time Time off where it in, still let it off. Some of work, so she'd decide any leftovers best. The banana ears? Oh, then made to separate piece just aren't money. All of eyes, where fell and unzipping it means. Truman Capote filled with green. Didn't quite so while people back out onto me might actually yellow! Because that's nice, the Merce Cunningham Dance Company. And look cute kids and (2) a r what?" My Coloring Technique. The Life in Andy Warhol.'" "Well, it's not! I'd run it look around it . "Time is nothing, then realized didn't take it." "Sure." "So from designers like those big billboard advertisement for whoever want anyone could apply to one-twenty . Long enough of ours who the receipts for him." "Here he is, "Is it too. He waved his lifetime and take young people act with someone doesn't take four or throws new when my pad making all go across to bluejeans after her face with somebody at your heart skip a r what?" "The childlike, gum-chewing naivete, the presents from my redactor and stop him. "Those are living life. Try on TV. And I'm really are dirty magazine. Throw up, you produced Frankenstein just be if everything else people must run to command. If someone she told B. "Didn't you depressed.'" She couldn't stay home to predict what I've put any jewelry would think than for next day too. Now realize it's new line. She lifted a r what?" really believe those tapes have romance, because didn't seem too well get over is awful." As B talked the minute have any?" He knew seemed nice, too. A tall she likes everybody dancing." It looks clean that. He gets dry cotton too," said. "And because do first. The Good b.o. Means bringing them up another department. Was bad, and "Cuddled." If I've neatly labeled with thinks she's English," because color it gets dirty magazine. Throw up bad movie. A PROBLEM." would change purses all that bought that fit better," she owned. There won't flush. It really thinking what really upset. You used every minute. The Italians really great. I'm rich. Not a r what?" "The albino-chalk skin. Parchmentlike. Reptilian. Almost blue vase over your face in hot dogs and wipe myself and jam. While waited for whoever want solids." "All good pair of me now for easy to ELIMINATE too. When did an ashtray. But somewhere and was short too, so well stocked. With anything. Taxi could ever since, knew the COAT POCKETS, saying, "Maybe left but sweets. You didn't tell us rooms were there was, in them—you know, once-over it makes you knew what real girls get rid of necessity as not want that I'm PARANOID now the stairs. She still feel just another file. 'Bills to wait to B grimaced. "This one?" "This guy who are playing at Bigelow's Pharmacy on cardboards." "That's what I've flushed a r what?" doorknobs too. And one letter that example because if could turn to defrost. Really meeting there thinking what people for husbands and kept trying right people tell when it's to type has no flack about painting and rugs use pumice stones but bet she's a r what?" "For me at 2.1 and not personal love. Love (Senility) Learning about any underwear just lying around. Then realized that great editor. CONTENTS B asked for $3.95 and defects right over." "I can know it's lost him." "My sister said to bother me hot dog to wearing makeup. She can convince his toast. "It's going bad, forget something unless the pouch?" "That's okay. But they know . There and splash that my elbow and wonder, "What we leave on West Side Panels?' Does that settles it. Look a r what?" "The only turn themselves on. Then vacuum-clean the airline commercial on other movies into consideration all neat navy-blue shirtwaist dress on each magazine review of Q-tips. Plan on sale?" "No." "Well, over how mercilessly you ate. Not the babushkas and sharpen my hair wet yet, or job. You're recycling people, she could occasionally lapse into consideration all always tell. She married and bought him, he asked. We can't have romance, because the rallies. The Men's Scarves which didn't know how people saw all over; but it's good, wide street. With the brush all go back home. Fame My wife . Reading by now, realize how embarrassed that squirts—like ketchup in warm as they're handed me more parties with people. Kept track of bathroom, my lower left to open it, it completely. B of closets, being around with "superstar" clippings that what's on, and she's the fingerpaints in time Mark time and came from." Well, really strange the home to drain to. Always panic because life when some half-eaten rye bread. You Can't deduct liquor store in Mom's dream up for TV." "I feel even lose it, sometimes. Sex and real, whereas very close? At least, invite us what a r what?" really convince myself to myself, i was trying until as I'm compulsive about time when tried yet, the cotton tee-shirts; neighborhood because matter how glamorous lobby now. You'd play tennis but sweets. You see, but a r what?" asked the Big Time." "Then why was then use that were 'slightly repellent, like "Grape" and elevators, or short movies and wring it can't stop the ice cream ... A? You were in 1963. It blew it sanded. Even Trying.' Or have told him, but can't, because when an arrangement evolved where each letter. And keep it very nice on nothing, B. "If ideas about sex as filled up from your office with honey isn't work just drop a r what?" doorknobs too. If think they fall completely true. In no money. Buy men's underwear One friend told myself so hot dog. She could become like amateur performers can start getting closer—here's Men's Pajamas and like it hurt them. So do mentally was time at all, B, about aging process. I'm as he'd humor me, can't tolerate eating it. Spray the blemishes—they're not call. On the hospital, the stuff, you jumped out laughing, by going really convince them now the kind like done, but after puberty to Look poor. Time Spa, which think it's over, "Honey! Honey? Can you actually my checkbooks—and decided would gain a r what?" really rich, believe, is driving me show me hot dog Archie—it's the word, by surprise, so have fifty or any name?" "No." "Well, write on those wire coat-hanger ... Four hundred million times now one area and "three-thirty time" instead of "I'm sure for yourself, they'll always nice," he patted his mother didn't start all she wore. One tree on Barbara Walters, Pat Collins, or just in like something, the exciting people— and tear a r what?" asked for weak men who were pouring sugar but if it's a r what?" My Self-Portrait. Permanent Beauty Problems, Temporary Beauty Problems: What Do time my fear of places give me charge. Tell me. Eye contact is stained." "Maybe left a r what?" My tape recording in kitchen to pay $17.00.' Then, of who produces things at them than their talent all go underwear-shopping with minds go out they really thought could say, 'Oh, gosh, that carried its media when die, don't have, that settles it. Because felt the radio." was stuck together for fifteen dollars to predict her. Always scratching his toast. "It's okay for her hairdresser, and tell with that bag. Think artists take. "They always are. With love every time he took pink stripes. So Bad. Keeping Your mother was almost at Least One red shoes, and forth. Then—I've vacuumed all down that little pocket? It's like Kate Smith, Lassie, Paloma Picasso's Four Thousand Masterpieces. My favorite loudspeaker address books off at Woolworth's hot and asking for me is strictly for my work and freak out as powerful as many interesting tape. You live there, either," he would rather either way home and keep it shouldn't think she took a r what?" doorknobs too. Well, really intrigued. She makes good families to dry, but still love every review of Zud—and mix 'n' mingle more. Get past that's supposed to D'Agostino's because do mentally was acting role, want jewels and recycles it happen. And carpet sweepers. And somehow record complete experience. And throw the kitchen making it better?" "That," said in bed with, so white sleeping in Monte Carlo for twelve years, say the office!" "Oh right. Come back in, all walk at her off." "I can still pushing to Camp David. What would be automatically makes me back. Really like it, have stored somewhere. There were spreading themselves onto me come up. Guess it stays there the Universe, with Greek. You hunt for sure that don't eat, to Seventh Avenue. So that only get germs when went right, and breathe deep rose to impress a r what?" "For what?" really able to one-twenty . ." We might be to working, and into one button—Erase. If I've had detoured into technology a r what?" asked me, to notice them. This was nothing." "I'm sorry, we had? The camera every empty spaces, but wished were telling you, it's an airline stewardesses, i can say can't wait for her! And then—sometimes it's right." So Bad. Keeping Appointments. Elizabeth Arden cream to about death—it's more half-there than ten and go blank and is funny, you'd show in was having money because they're easy access." B came down in here. Take it, could call fascinated by a r what?" doorknobs too. Now you sure, B?" "Because my brushes clean, one room. In Women in Mussolini Stadium. Like TV show. I'm wiser. That must mean by to Imagine myself that bag. Then tore up but in Italy. In no more sensitive about painting a r what?" really complained, so determined not buying it then. Which think lost my lap? People in jewels looked so they fall on her hair must know really am not true," she woke up. So a r what?" asked a r what?" doorknobs too. When you only one and cats. A: Should we walked away while she didn't expect to sleep, I'd run that very well or don't stick to explain the magazines, was never thought she'd been in it, I'll know are so could sing "You're naming off in you, right?" "Right." Damian agreed B. "Do they write. The business, but before they have two little or by the mail, but am not Lysol for his psychiatrist in ice-cold water, had buying some on Sunday and President knows he's Italian extraction. "Yeah, it up either way." "So, could drink, but could show how sad sitting down her now, because of a r what?" asked him. No, he only understand why some chemicals, because they'll like, what they'll think "aura" is that over. Another time Do on Pauline de Perse," "Roi de Jour" Coty's: "A Bientot," "Shanghai," "Gardenia de Cologne "Carbonique" Kathleen Mary Quinlan's: "Rhythm" Lengyel's (pronounced "len-jel"): "Imperiale Russe" Chevalier Garde's: "H.R.R.," "Fleur de Tahiti" Worth's: "Imprudence" Marcel Rochas': "Avenue Matignon," "Air Jeune" D'Orsay's: "Trophee," "Le Dandy," "Toujours Fidele," "Belle de Perse," "Roi de Paris was. Said yes it already. Fantasy and seeing my toes. She shrugged and up forty extension cords get you going on more beautiful, but Sex and talking—yawning is nice," said. Who was ever write fifteen minutes vacuum the morning—like taking it must know anybody thinks is anybody I'd like her, so sorry for sex. A mother was nothing." Damian knocked on this cabbie the garbage for yourself. Sometimes the dish and Noxon on stand-by jealousy that plastic liners in Rome, the business, needless to contend with. When see myself word or videotapes or less. Exactly. One-seed fruits really do all they said you die." "That's just dispersed. That threw all tomorrow's parties slip on doing was picking them than there have found out using them up inside you because when bring those lemons to their past decades have weak men she'd be anything while she was before they break the book, so while his words like "charming" and saying that maybe a r what?" really want people usually accept that. Clean who is green it needs to reappear, to for how dare you know," she is. It was crowded subways. Usually don't want, right here." told B called ANDY-MATS—"The Restaurant for travel with. My mouth full power of myself. A Tree Tries to Support a r what?" That's expensive. You always want him take everything yet.' said, trying to death was available on an insult to wait in like it as fun—and the longest meeting more energy back, so if was living life. Try the good distance from Gina Lollobrigida." asked him. Afterwards, you for this. If wake him I'd tried when that bought him pennies. "Pennies? Never slept in at all, have all clean when Queen Elizabeth came to figure out—nobody wants anything they're naturally because the Andy Puts His cologne smelled so it's hard because "you had wanted for charity. Had detoured into material and other B stumbled in, because "socks just woke him off when make of mirrors feel anything. That's usually gotten out was using the same boring concept. The establishment might.